456% 335% 270% 150%. I have to go ahead and claim all this, but um I've been building these Polymarket bots here live on YouTube. Some are bad, some are good. It doesn't matter to me. I'm testing ideas and then I'm going to automate and scale the ones that do do well. You're probably not going to see all that, but I'll show you every single step of the way of what I'm showing you here today. I show you all the code and you know, my name is Mundev actually. So, look who's posting this as everybody is taking my videos to share it. you know, you're cooking when everybody is eating off of your videos. It's crazy to see, but shout out to them. It's all good. Just drop a link or at least a tag tag Mundav to to let the people know that this is actually isn't you. It's Mundav. Anyways, I got to go ahead and claim these 400 56% 335% 270%. I'm going to show you everything here in this video. If you stay strapped in, I'll try to make it not too long here. U let's go ahead and hit claim here. Processing. A lot of people were saying that I'm uh using that thing that Oh man, this failed. So maybe I am using that thing. The thing where you change the the thing I forget what it's called, but maybe I am, dude. [ __ ] Me refresh here. Let me refresh. Continue with Google. I'm not logged in. Geez, dude. Let me go ahead and log in. Okay, now I'm logged in. Okay. Well, this is this is better. That this is better. I'll go ahead and show you everything, dude. Uh I don't I don't have anything to hide from you. I believe code is a great equalizer. And if this gets you excited to learn how to code, I think I've done my job here. Just sharing the knowledge that I can. I'm not perfect. I've chasing Jim Simons. I'll show you everything in this short video. You can see, okay, 265 ads to your account. It's tricky to continuously try to redeem on Poly Market. And that's one of the sticky points when you're building trading bots because you can see what's happening here. Here in this instance, I have a bot that I'm testing. All these I'm just testing different bots, dude. Every single day, I'm just testing new ideas. Testing new ideas. Testing new ideas, knowing that everybody else is just coping about what's working, what's fake, what's real, yada yada. I'm just going to keep testing ideas and spend 6 months, a year, two years, three years testing ideas and scaling the ones that work. Everybody else is going to be trying to figure out like what is this spam? What is not spam? People posting my videos. Yeah. Yeah. That's fine. Okay. Just put a link. Just put a link. If you're going to steal my videos, just put a link there. My name is Mundav. My name's Mundaf. But one of the most annoying parts of Poly Market building trading bots is you run out of capital. You can see available to trade. I only have $11 now. I run across multiple accounts for obvious reasons. And that gets very tricky. Imagine you have four, five, six, seven accounts and you have bots testing different things and scaling on different accounts. Okay? Well, you have to go in and manually claim these every time. I've got the solution for you and I'll show you all the code. So, instead of manually claiming this, I just go over here to this code and I go ahead and I claim it through there. So, let's see here. This is the redeem. py. I've got a couple of these and if you have a few minutes I can go ahead and show you all of them. I'll go ahead and make sure that the code here is available tomorrow in the road map but also I'll walk through it here. Let's go ahead. You can see I have redeem I got redeem batch as well. So one thing that happens is when you start redeeming you're actually working directly with the blockchain. But you need some archaic MADC. Madic. Polygon. For the OGs, you may know Polygon. Madic. You got to put some of that in your uh MetaMask wallet because now you're working directly with the blockchain. And then another tricky thing is is this. Let me explain it right now. Because then you could get ghost if you're already a data dog like me. Got to put your key in. I give this app away for everybody. anybody when you do log in with me on the Zoom I'm live pretty much every day again my name is Bundab believe code is a great equalizer that's why I share everything and I really don't trip about people stealing my videos it's totally fine just put a link there because the people that follow me they're kind of kind of developers dude and if I do something wrong they they get on my they get in my computer. Okay, so you can see here I want to talk about this one thing before I show you all the code of how to redeem. You can see I have this redeem set up to have multiple accounts. Okay, 1 2 3 4 5 seven different accounts here. But I want to explain something before we get into it because it's going to trick trip you up. First, I already told you you have to have Madic in your account. Can you go ahead and explain the negative risk thing when it comes to claiming end trading on the five-minute markets opposed to the regular polyarket markets? Thank you. Be super short and concise. So there's something like negative risk you have to set up. It's just like you probably tell your AI that I'm using cloud code open 4.6 reading redeem py. While she does that, let me go ahead and see if I can redeem on this one. Cuz like I said, I have a couple iterations of this. I've got the redeem. They all are useful in their own ways. Okay. failed to connect. Okay, here's another thing, dude. You have to connect to the Poly Market Polygon RPC. So, it's not as easy as it it seems, but setting up a RPC is super easy. I'll go ahead and show you how to do that as well. You hold yes or no tokens in regular markets. When the market resolves, you call CTF. Redeem positions. When index sets one, two, which burns both of your yes and no tokens, pays out USDC for the winning side. But the fiveminute BTC markets, these use the negative risk adapter wrapper. The difference is the payout math is inverted. Instead of yes, paying $1 on win, the system uses a negative risk structure where one side's loss funds the other's gain. When redeeming, you call negative adapter. Redeem positions condition ID amounts where amounts is yes balance zero or zero no balance depending on which outcome you held. Why it matters for your bots. When placing orders, negative risk markets need partial create order options. RI negative risk equals true. Pass to the create order. So just jot that down, dude. You're probably coding with AI. be like, "Hey, look out for negative risk if we're trading the fiveminute markets because a lot of these markets are not five-minute markets and yes or no." I'm going to show you all the code here, but here I'll show you how to get the RPC as well. I'm not going to go deep in how I get RPC. Super easy to do. And then you put it in your env. Let's scroll through all the code here. You can see my RPC is cooked. Why is it cooked? Damn, this is a long This is going to be hard to get on the video, dude. I should put it on put it on GitHub. Oh, I'll put it on my uh road map. I'll put it on my road map. That's where I'll put it. So, I'll put a link there. You can get my road map. Come to the Zoom someday. But I'll scroll through here as well because you are on YouTube. And this is actually a better way to learn stuff. If you screenshot it, you kind of have to look at it a little harder and then you kind of learn it better. So, don't mean to force it upon you, but that's where I put all my code is on my road map. GitHub. GitHub got me cooked, dude. I'm just not good enough at GitHub to do it at the scale that I won't leak a key. I've done it multiple times now. So, just is what it is. I'm on year five. Everybody told me this game is hard. It is hard. Learning to code when you don't know how to code at 30 years old is hard. Here's all the code you get. You see this is the multi-account setup here. So, this is how you process the account. process the private keys, the public keys, and then you get the redeemable position. So, you're checking to see if any of them are redeemable, accept exception here. Then the final MADC check, connect to Polygon, and at the end of this, I'll tell you why I don't autoredeem. Maybe I mean I think it's obvious everybody thinks that like I'm not I'm making fake videos and stuff so I just put my auto I put my manual redeems at the start. That's the weird thing about this world is if you give value to this world everybody's going to be like oh you're just a liar or you're just a LAR yada yada. So I'll just put my my manual redeems at the start of the video and if you want to watch the rest nothing's guaranteed around here dude. This game is hard. It's literal PvP. Me versus you. Mundav versus you. You versus Mundav. Nobody's gonna just give you a fish to feed your whole family for the rest of your life. Maybe if you're lucky, you'll come ac across a guy that will teach you how to fish. Maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe. But it's cold world out there. All right. So, let's show you how to go ahead and get the alchemy set up because that's what I use. You can use any RPC. Let's go here and let's say so RPC it's kind of um intimidating if you're just a non-coder vibe coder. You just getting into coding RPC for uh Madic. It's like it's intimidating for sure, but it's not hard. It's just a link. It's like a website link that has your personal API key on it. So, Polygon, I use Alchemy. You can use any, but I suppose I could just use the Polygon RPC. How about that? Fastest, free, and most reliable. Okay, let's try that. Let's try to use the free one. You can sign up for a paid one. Uh, let's go ahead and ask our AI here to set up my RPC because what happened? You saw it not run for me. I'm just out of credits. They give you a bunch of credits, but I think I had one tweaking for a while that ran out all my credits. So, let's go to redeem. py and can you switch that to Poly Markets free RPC for now? Thank you. Because I ran out of credits on my alchemy. So, in yourv you'll go ahead and put your alchemy RPC. Okay, it's not too hard. You go in here, you sign up for a free account. I guess you could use Ankor as well. I think these are commodities. It's kind of like virtual private servers. It's all the same. Maybe some are a little bit faster. But I use Alchemy, so it's free. But you can see that I'm running into a a problem here. if I didn't run it so so much. I have so many bots running, then I'd be fine. But, um, once you scale, you're going to have to pay for it. I haven't paid for it. So, now I'm switching it over to a free version here. And let's see if we can cook because I just showed you all the code from the redeem. I scrolled through it. And I'll put it on the road map here. So, by the time if you're watching this replay, then you'll be able to see it. Failed to connect to RPC. That's too bad, dude. That's too bad. showed you all that code and it doesn't even work. Can you go ahead and get me um some working code here? It keeps failing to connect which is weird. I thought it was because I ran out of tokens or whatever API calls on my alchemy. But maybe that's not it. Quite sure it is. But let's go ahead and check out the other ones. So, I've got a batch as well. I don't assume this is going to work, but it will do it in a batch because what's going to happen here is you're going to end up Yeah, you can see failed to connect. You're going to end up um using a lot. It just depends on your scale. You know, if you've got seven different accounts and you're winning a lot or yeah, you're having to redeem a lot, that's going to cost a little bit of Madic. It's going to cost a little bit of Madic, but you saw all the code. And let me just go ahead and give you this batch one as well. I'll put both of them in the road map. Don't worry. Let's go ahead and run it back. She said she fixed it. Okay. So, you can see I have Madic Balance here. Okay. Here. Um, local account has attribute assign hash. Too many requests. This is why you want to have the alchemy for sure. I'm going sign into my alchemy. See what's Gucci. Error. Local account has no attribute. Sign hash. Send it on over to Claude. She said she didn't close any of these accounts and I have four positions here. I've got six positions worth 228. But where's December 11th? That's the one I was looking at here. Yeah, she didn't have success with it. So, go ahead and get it going. No worry. Run it again. And now it uses a different library. Let's go ahead and run it again. See if I can get redeemed here. I'm using a free RPC now. And this is good because I know everybody wants free. So, I'm going to go upgrade my alchemy. Maybe. Maybe. Let's see how this works. Because if you can do free, and that's the thing about blockchain dev, dude, is you could really cobweb this stuff together, all these free RPCs, and really get away for a long time with um without paying. So, you can see this is a $238 claim here, regular CTF. Okay, so it redeemed it. It cost 027 Madic. Okay, so now you have all the code, which is awesome. Let's go ahead and make sure if there's any updates to the code. Are there any what were the updates? Can you just print out those updates in code as you're teaching somebody the changes? Because I showed you the original code. So, I want to show you any changes that we made here. Now, you see that I am using a free RPC. So, that's awesome. And I'm glad. I'm glad because I could have fixed that instantly with the um me just going and paying for it. But hey, you're watching this. You may not want to pay for it. That's fine. Let's make it all free. Make make this super valuable. And you know, if you want to throw a thumbs up, whatever, that's fire. But if not, then I'm glad you're still here, dude. Look at this. Okay, so I'm redeeming. I just redeemed 238. I redeemed 51. I redeemed 43. Okay, let's show you the code changes here. So before the endpoint looked like this RPC, it was getting the RPC and it was using polygon RPC. After we changed for RPC and RPC, we made a list here. You can see and we're looping through it. So web 3 using this RPC and then that RPC. And what I personally would do is I would sign up for Alchemy because you do get a lot of calls. You do get a lot of calls and this can run all day or you can just restart it whatever you can see too many requests. So I think that's the problem here is using a free RPC you just have to put more sleeps in it. So before the connection check if not web3 dot is connected now if not web 3 or not web3 is connected and then the signing method we used um this to sign before accounts sign hash and then after we changed try this and then try that. So the sign hash went to unsafe sign hash. Now as you see it's doing each of these individually right it's claiming each of them one at a time. Now, that's going to cost more Madic than if I were to batch it up. So, let me just briefly show you through this code. I know this is now getting a little long, but um I want to show you through this code as well that solves that problem. It batches them up, so it's a little less expensive. You'll have to keep an eye on it. It depends on your size, of course, because if you're trading a dollar size, that's more expensive. These fees, these small fees are more expensive. If you're trading $1,000 size, it's cheaper, you know. So, you can see here, this is all of the code. I'll make sure that it's in the link below or it will be in the road map and you can get the road map every single day at the Zoom. Not letting everybody have my brain for the last five years. That's like my note sheet where I compile things and I put it together, all my ideas, books I've read, videos I recommend. It's the road map, dude. It's a ever evolving book. It's only five bucks to join the stream if you want to. If you don't, that's fine. I'm still giving you mad code here. Screenshot at Ask AI. You'll be further than most that try to copy paste. We don't do copy pasting around here. This is actually better. I'm going keep saying that. I get it. If you want to copy and paste for this type of thing where you're just redeeming, that's much safer. But please, please, please, Mundave, me, myself, I'm never going to make a tweet saying anything about a plug-andplay bot. That's so sad to see. So, if you see anybody using my voice with AI, I know I sound like AI originally, so it's going to be tricky, but just know Moon will never promote a plugandplay anything. Here's all of the code for the multi-redeem batch. So, you can redeem in batches. You can see it just successfully redeemed something again. Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful filter positions with condition ID. And then we have a max retry of three for these redeeming of batches. And then here's the main function. So now what I'm going to do is I'm going to go ahead and get it on this road map. I was showing you the road map, right? Let me show you what the road map consists of. If you're trying to get started in this industry, there's no place better than this because at the end of the day, I've been here for 5 years. Mundave.com/roadmap. And I figured a lot of great things out. So, I share them with the world, but then the world attacks. So, I got to put it behind a little bit of a gate. Put a little bit of friction here. Come to the Zoom tomorrow, moon.com. There's a link in the description to get that. Okay. This dis this road map will invite you to our discord. It will show you step by step how to build bots. It will has a bunch of my best videos here. You can watch how to learn how to code, generate strategies, >> build bots, frequently asked questions, all the questions you may have right now. RBI system and then down here you can see code from my videos. I'm not using GitHub for public stuff. I can't I've got got too many times from being a GitHub noob. And then all the gil foil is just like told you so. He's just a vibe coder. I don't care what I am. I'm stepping on the gas till I catch up to Jim. That's 31 B's, right? But that would be more like 62 BS if you adjust for inflation. So is it 31 B's or is it 62? You can see just like this past video, I put all the code and I did more than that. I explained it. So by the time you watch this video, it will be