47% 45% 43% 69%. There's some tennis matches here. There's some weather matches, but today I'm going to show you how to how I built a bot for the NBA. Now, I grew up a basketball player and you can see I got MLB here as well. I got cricket. There's a lot to show you in the next few days. So, make sure to do whatever you can in order to see the next few videos as well. But this one, if you're interested in building NBA bots on Poly Market, you're going to see that exactly. So, lock in. This is crazy that Poly Market unlocked something that you haven't thought about yet and I want you to think about this clearly. Okay, before when you used to sports bet, I don't know if you ever did, but essentially you're gambling against the casino. The casino is not going to let you win. Period. We know that. Okay, but trading on Poly Market is different. And here's why. And I'm going to show you the full idea today. I get you all the code. But I think the important part is the idea because you can teach a man to fish, feed himself for the rest of his life, or you can just give him a fish and feed him for the night. I'm going to teach you for the rest of your life. Before I was not convinced on sports trading on Poly Market cuz I looked at it the exact same way as I looked at betting at the casino. You're not going to win. But this one concept right here should open your mind up to the fact that there's actually a paradigm shift happening here. And it's because remember, you take 50 bucks up to the casino sports book and you say, "Hey, I want to bet on the Lakers." Okay, you pay what they say you're going to pay, right? There's some spread or whatever, but you don't get to make the rules. Now, this is the regime shift, the paradigm shift. I can go over here instead of saying, "Okay, casino, I want to take Minnesota for 40 cents or whatever the spread is." Now, I can go in here and say, "Hey, I want to take Minnesota, but only if I can buy it for a 30% discount." That is gamechanging because you don't have to trade every single game. Now, if you're like a gambler and you're just like doing this for fun where you want to bet on the Hornets cuz you're a Hornets guy, that's one thing. I'm an algorithmic trader. I'm looking for edge. I'm looking for bots that can run 24/7 and make money for me. That's what I'm looking for. So, until this week, really, I haven't been trading on Poly Market Sports because my thought was everybody's too emotional, yada yada. But I hadn't thought about this strategy that I pulled from another strategy that I was building on Poly Market. I've built probably 15 different ideas on Poly Market. And I brought this stink bid strategy over to sports and so far so good, dude. So now we're building it for NBA games. I'll go ahead and give you all the code. I'll show you it and if I don't have time, then I'll at least explain the idea and put all the code inside the Discord. But does that make sense to you? When you go to the sports book, say, "Hey, I want to bet on bet on the Suns." They're like, "Okay, it's going to cost this much." You can't go to the sports book and say, "Hey, I want to place this bet if the the market moves 30% down." And this happens a lot because there's whales in here. And there's not a lot of liquidity. So, if somebody wanted to sell more than $6,000 worth, well, it's going to jump down to the next price. And more than that, it's next price. So, what I've been doing is I just set my bids really low. And I'm not going to get in every game. I'm going to get into a very few amount of games, actually. But when I do get into a game, it's going to be at a price that I got to pick. You can't pick prices at the sports book. You can pick prices on Poly Market. And that is the paradigm shift that I hope changes the world for you. So, let's go ahead and have her explain it. I'm using six clock codes at all times. Go ahead and explain my NBA bot here so everybody understands it. So, we'll have her explain it, but I want to start going through some of the code here because I think it's important that you see part of this code. So, essentially, it's the same playbook. I built a Cricut bot based off of this idea. I built a tennis bot based off off this idea. And I've built a bunch of other bots. There's like five minute bots based off of this idea. Hey, I will buy any market if you give me a mad discount. Now, nobody else is going to share that even idea with you, but essentially it places a low ball bid 30% below market on the favorite in every NBA game. We only bid during the first half, quarter 1 and quarter two. Is that right or wrong? I don't know. Again, I'm just getting started here and I think it's important since I do believe Code is a great equalizer to share the idea with you so I can teach a man how to fish for the rest of our lives. Once the second half starts Q3, we cancel everything. Is that right? I don't know. The idea is in the first half it's the most volatile and panic. People panic. If a favorite goes down early, someone dumps their shares cheap. We scoop them at a discount. If we get filled, I hold it to expiration. The favorite usually wins and we collect the $1 per share. So, if I get filled at 30 cents, beautiful. If you go to the sports book, you got to get filled at 55 cents. Refreshes every 15 minutes. And we use ESPN for quarter status. Now, that's important to know because people are always asking, "How much are the APIs? How much are the APIs?" Well, ESPN API is free. So, let me get you some of this code. And like I said, I'll go ahead and make sure that we get the um all this code loaded into the Discord by the end of this. But essentially, it places what I call a stink bid on the favored side of the NBA games. You can see right here the bet size I use $5 and the discount is 30 cents. Why do I use such a small size? It's because I wasn't able to back test this. So, I don't know if it's going to work. So, you're cooked if you think you're just going to go run this and make a million dollars. But the process I follow is start with research. I kind of did some research based off my other bots and I see that the stink bids are doing well. So, I brought it over to sports and I was scared of trading sports because I thought everybody was emotional. But like I said, you can't just go up to the sports book and say, "Hey, let me get 30% discount on this game." You can't do that. But you can do that on Poly Market. And that's a paradigm shift. Just like the paradigm shift I went through from web to mobile. Everybody started building apps and making millions of dollars on apps. Nobody knew how to build apps. Somebody taught me. I spent $2,000 to learn how to build an app, dude. And I didn't know how to code. That was the whole premise. I hired a developer, spent 15K building the app. It flopped, but it put me into a business model that I was able to run up millions of dollars in because that was a paradigm shift. Poly market is a paradigm shift. The old way of trading or betting, sports betting, you're trading against the casino. Now you're trading against people. So there's ideas like this and this is an idea. I'm always researching. You catch me every single day. I'm always researching, back testing, or incubating in a bot. So since it's kind of hard to back test this idea, I skipped it and I incubate with small size. And that is alpha for you because I got into this. I spent a year learning how to code and I just launched a bot with 10k size. I didn't back test or research. I lost that money. But out of this, I've built a robust framework that I don't lose money like that anymore because the most I'll lose is that $5 size, $10 size. If this doesn't do well over time, then I just don't scale it. And if it does do well, I put it in the cloud and I never look at it. I just let it run. So I don't tinker. But you can see these are the APIs that you're going to need. This is the ESPN API. If you're an advanced coder, you already know how to use that. You can send it in the AI. Even if you're not an advanced coder, I did not know how to code before any of this. So, validating credentials. This is because I have a multi- account system obviously, right? Everybody sees my account. They see the returns. They see the ups and the downs. Whatever. It doesn't matter to me. I got to scale elsewhere. I have to test five to six to seven different ideas a day. So with Poly Market there is no sub account unfortunately. So I have a multi-account system here and I'm just running this on one account. You can see this is how we find today's games on Poly Market. So every single day there's new games and that's what I was looking for really. I was looking for markets that trade a lot. You know the fiveminute markets are fun but they almost trade too much. So, I was looking for things that turn over each day. That's why today I've actually gone ahead inside the members area. I've gone ahead and dropped three different bots and I've been doing this for years and I have a team that's doing the same thing. I spend four, eight, 12 hours figuring something out. And then I try to make these videos under 10 minutes and I give all the code to everybody inside of the Discord. So, I'm running up on that 10 minutes, and I don't want this to be longer than 10 minutes because guess what? Everybody tries to juice their videos to be over 10 minutes so they can get more ad money. I don't want your ad money, dude. I want your mind. So, if you're actually interested in this stuff, join the Discord. And I'm putting this code in here before this 10 minutes is up. NBA Poly Market bot. But I explained the main idea already. So, you have the main idea. NBA Poly Market bot. If you want all of these bots plus five years of back test and bots, then take me up on the Easter special. It's moondev.com/esteraster. There's 300 off. You can find a link for that below. But like I said, you get paid more ad money if you're over 10 minutes. So, I want to make sure this video is not over 10 minutes piece.