a super interesting experiment here. I don't know if you know about Hyperl. Hyperlid is probably the biggest um exchange right now that's decentralized. Anyways, I got the top 5,000 wallets here of the top depositors. So, the people who have deposited the most money into Hyperlid ever. So, they're putting in probably a million a million minimum each and the big guys are putting like hundreds of millions. Okay. So, why do I do this? It's because I track everybody's positions and I see when people get liquidated. I see when they're getting close to liquidated. I see I see everything. You can see this guy's going to get liquidated $10 million of XRP and 2.82%. This guy's going to get liquidated 188,000. Okay, that's why I have this data. I went and collected it. 5,000 wallets, the top 5,000 biggest depositors ever on Hyperlid. And I now am trying to or I am running a script. You can see it here. It says progress 1,000 out of 5,000. So, we're only 23% there. But what the script is doing is it's removing anybody that has under $10,000 in the account, meaning they blew up, meaning they lost all of their money. Remember, this is the depositors are between a million and $500 million each. So, if this is removing anybody that has under 10,000, that means they blew up. Yes, I guess they could have moved their wallets, but let's be honest here, dude. You can see so far it's kept 336 out of a,000 or here out of 1,250 it's kept 394 it's removed 855 that's like 70% have been obliterated. So if you think you can trade by hand this is the proof. This is the proof. 75% of traders of the biggest traders, the guys that are smart guys, you know, putting in 100 million, 50 million, 20 million, 10 million, the big boys, the big guys that we're all scared of, the guys on Wall Street. Oh, they got something we don't have. They know something we don't know. Yeah, they got more cash, but they're still trading like tardos. They're still using too much leverage. They're still moving their stop loss to take profit. But this is the proof, dude. the biggest the institutions, the big guys, the guys that we're all scared of, Wall Street, out of 1,300 wallets. There's only 404 that have over $10,000 left. These are the top depositors on Hyperlid. At a minimum, they each deposit a million. So, out of 1,350 wallets, there's 418 left. And it's not your fault, dude. I mean, it's we think that trading's a good vehicle. No, dude. You have to use some sort of bot. Um, that's why I'm actually building this out here. But whatever, doesn't matter. Just know this. Look at this. Look at your fees. Go look at your fees. This guy alone, just based off of fees. This is why people lose on top of being emotional. This guy spent $618,000 in fees. If he would have used a bot just to enter and exit, he would have saved 184,000. So I am experimenting with this kind of like hand trading quantitative bot where cuz the biggest the rejection I have from you guys saying I don't want to be an automated trader is hey uh there's some discretion or intuition behind trading. Okay. Well, if you believe that that's fine. I I think everybody should have their own values, their own beliefs, but there's no intuition. And there's no there's no when it comes to fees, if you're a hand trader, you're going to use market orders more often. And everybody can agree with that because sometimes you're going to get emotional and say, "I need to get in right now." And if you use market orders, that's three times the fees. So that's saying, "Hey, this iPhone costs $1,000, but I can't wait 2 seconds, so I'd rather pay 3,000." And you can see how it adds up over time. So, while 70% of traders got obliterated, lost a million plus dollars on Hyperlquid. You can see the proof of that here, a lot of those a lot of that money just goes straight to fees. That's why you all the Hyperlid boys out there are like, "Oh, look how much they make in fees." Yeah, they make off off these guys just off fees. And that's not even talking about entering at correct times. Um, I built this out to be able to do cool things like, okay, I took this XRP short here. I click I can click add to this is a new function, but I can click close position here and it will close my position. So, it's going to close it on limit and the fees are going to be much better. Now, did I actually want to close right this second? No. But I just want to show you an example of how it works. So, it's going to sit there and close on limit until I till it's out. Now, I'm obviously just building this in public here and building it in production. So, you can see kill switch active. It has successfully closed the position and it used the limit order. So, I did take a L there, but again this morning I was building and took a big dub. And the great thing about this is that both times all entries were limit orders. And over time, you can see if you pay 618K in fees, you're saving 145. So that's crazy. This is mindblowing to me that 75% of traders blew up. Out of 1,650 so far, we've removed 1,170. That's all of the traders that have under $10,000 after putting in a million plus. That's crazy to me. So if you think you can trade by hand, I would slow down and realize that data is data. You know, if there's 5,000 top depositors on Hyperlid and 75% of them have less than $10,000, now that's irrefutable. There's no intuition behind that. And there's also no intuition about when you trade by hand, you're going to trade more. Number one, because you're in the casino clicking buttons, you're going to trade more, but also the fees are 3x. There's no intuition about that. So, if you believe in intuition and trading, that's fine. Just build some sort of entry exit thing that will enter and exit. Like, you saw me just exit on limit without even looking at the casino. I don't have all those flashing lights that are trying to speed me up. No. And then I do challenge you to go look at this calculator. Mund.com/calculators is super interesting because it shows you the effect of fees on Hyperlquid specifically, but this goes for all centralized exchanges. Hyperlquid is cheaper fees than most centralized exchanges. Anyways, if you have a $25,000 account and you use 40x leverage and you trade five times per day just based off of fees, you're going to learn lose you're going to lose all of your money in 31 days. But if you use the bot like I'm kind of building here, even if it's like an intuition bot, like I can make these trades still. I can say buy long, but it's just going to do it based off of limits. And I can say, hey, wait, let's wait till somebody gets liquidated here. You can do things like that, but just based off of using a bot, you save yourself. You get 717 extra days of life. Just based off of fees, you will blow up in 31 days. If your account size is 25,000, your leverage is 40x. Now, let's say you have a bigger account size. Maybe you use less leverage. Okay, great. 33x, 43 days. So, I challenge you, go ahead and check that out. See what your actual account size and all that is, how many trades a day you make. But it's very insightful to me the impact of fees on traders. And I know a lot of these guys probably got on tilt and lost for other reasons. Maybe emotional, maybe they removed their stop loss, they removed their takerit, they got tilted a couple days, they put in over a million dollars and have less than 10,000. 75% of them have been removed. That means they've all lost their money. The exchanges, they want to speed you up, dude. Because if they speed you up and they get you emotional, you're gonna trade more. And if you trade more, you pay more in fees. Like, okay, you trade 10 times a day, 24 days until your death just off of fees. This isn't including losing trades. So, I think this is pretty slick. And I'm going to keep building it out. And I can kind of see the math right here. So, we can kind of guesstimate. I'm not going to hold you here while this wait uh we wait for this, but 1,399 have been removed out of 1,950. That equals 71% of traders on Hyperlquid have lost all of their money.