All right. So, get funded $1,000 plus into your trading account. Moonv.com/funding. There's no evaluation fees, no profit splits. You keep 100% of the profits. All you have to do is stream using the Quant app. That's it. Apply there. So, prop firms are cooked. You should never have to pay a $250 evaluation fee. You won't have to do that ever again. You trade on simulated accounts with prop firms. The profit splits eat your gains and there's arbitrary rules designed to make you fail. But with Moondev funding, it's zero dollars to apply. We fund you. It's yours. Real money. You keep all of the profits, real trading on Hyperlquid, not some simulation. And you scale up based on consistency. So you can click apply now. So how does it work? All you do is start a YouTube channel or dedicate an existing one. There is a 24-hour approval on your verification on YouTube. So, do that now. If you are interested, make sure to try to go live and they'll say, "Hey, verify 20. It takes 24 hours." You'd have to do that now. Add in your description. We have to be very transparent about this. I can't be giving you money. And then >> it's what's called machine learning. So you find things that are predictive. You might guess, oh, such and such should be predictive, might be predictive. And you test it out on the computer, maybe it is, maybe is. You test it out on long term historical data and uh price data and other things. And then you add to the system this if it if it works. And if it doesn't, you you throw it out. So there aren't elaborate equations, at least not for >> he ran up a net worth of $31 billion. That was Jim Simons right there. And he just said there's nothing elaborate about this quantitative trading game. So I built the Quan app to help hand traders trade a little more quantitatively. Anyways, start a new YouTube channel or an existing one. Just make sure to verify. try to go live now and they'll say, "Hey, verify." We have to be very clear that, hey, you are funded by Mundas. Essentially, I can't give you money and then we don't tell the people that are watching that, hey, you got the money for me. You see what I'm saying? Holy, that is a good back test. We will go over here in a second. I've got my AI agents working here. This would be needed in your description, you know, funded by Moondev or something along those lines. That's fine. And then just a link to the website. Transparency is required. And then what you do to apply is you just put on that YouTube video. Just throw up a one to three minute YouTube video. Pretty casual. Don't spend too much time on it. But tell me your plan. How are you going to trade 40x leverage Bitcoin? Because it's going to be Bitcoin specific on Hyperlid and you could use up to 40x. You don't have to use 40x. But how are you going to use this money to trade successfully? Face or no face. You can see I don't use my face. Of course, you're going to get more engagement if you do use your face, but that is your decision. I care about watching you become a profitable trader. Create a new Hyperlquid account. It must be through MetaMask or a wallet provider. So, you know how to do that. If you don't, YouTube it. Google it. Don't use email sign up. I'm going to need your Ethereum wallet address. This is where I'll send the cash. It's going to be, you know, to Hyperlquid. And then apply and get funded. If you get accepted, I have to do some sort of uh throttling here. I didn't realize that handing out crack to a bunch of crackheads would give me uh 80,000 DMs, but it makes sense. You know, we all see that 40x trading is a fast way to make cash. I think it's very dangerous. That's why I built the quant app. It's kept me alive for 4 weeks as before I would have liquidated been liquidated in two three days. So, it's working for me. Do I believe in 40x trading? Not necessarily. But if I am going to do it, I'm going to use bumpers. That's how I kind of look at this. like risk control and entering on liquidations. There's a whole playlist I'll send you that will show you like what's the benefits of trading this style. Uh this is pretty much a gift, right? Because this is a institutional style app and that's the only the only trade between you and I is okay, I'll I'll fund you. You keep all profits for that. Just make sure to put your trades through here so we could actually extend your life as a 40x trader. And again, you don't have to use 40x. You could use whatever leverage you want, but this is the deal. What you get, you get $250 deposited within 24 hours of acceptance. So, I'm going to be watching people apply. I'm going to be watching the people apply. And it's a first first come, first serve, of course. And once we accept you, I'm just going to deposit the money into the account you put in on the application. That's it. And then you start trading. every trade you use quant app. So I'll have to obviously give you quant app. I also have to give you hyperlquid's data layer the API for that but then you just start trading live on YouTube. You could trade on you could use reream or anything if you want to trade on other or you want to do this on other platforms as well. YouTube is the only requirement. Of course, if you are on other platforms or you or you clip up your your your streams, you can get more people to watch you. And hey, our algorithm is based off of three things. Number one, your consistency. And that's not just trading consistency, cuz I understand trading is very hard. I don't expect everybody to make a bunch of money or else, you know, you probably wouldn't be applying for this. just is what it is. Trading is very hard, especially with 40x leverage. I personally don't believe in it, but I am being proven by myself over the last four weeks that hey, maybe there is something here. You just have to build bumpers around it. So, that's why I'm giving you this money is because you're going to be streaming using the bumpers I give to you and I'll be able to see what I need to correct or make better. I'll be able to see into how you trade. I'll be able to learn from you and you'll also be helping others because they'll be able to learn from you. This is a much more responsible way to trade even though 40x leverage is irresponsible. Anyways, you get 250 deposited within 24 hours of acceptance. Scale to $1,000 within a week. If you trade well, you're consistent. Again, trade well is very ambiguous because it's based off of how consistent you are, how much you stream, how's your engagement, how's your trading. So, it's it's very um it's very advantageous. It's it's a good little algorithm, right? Because it's not just based off of your trading because I know most traders fail. So, you get full access to Quant app, which is our trading discipline tool. Helps you see everybody's positions. I can see everybody's positions in the market. You're going to be trading only on Hyperlid. So, you can see everybody's positions on Hyperlid. You get full access to hyperlquid data layer API and you keep all profits. There's no splits, no fees. I don't want any of it. I want you to be hyper profitable, but you have to use my bumpers. I call the quant my bumpers because it's like going to the bowling alley and you putting bumpers on the bowling alley. It's just you still get to trade your style, your approach, but I'm putting bumpers around it so ideally you could be profitable and at the minimum you can live longer because so far, yes, my four-week test I've been profitable. But what I'm really impressed with is that I'm still here after 4 weeks. Because as a 40x trader, I don't know about you, I used to get liquidated all the time. That's why I automated my trading. That's why I'm able to build an app like this. I didn't know how to code back in the day. That's a whole different story. You get full access to the data later. So, some of these back tests are looking dirty, too. So, we'll dive into that. You keep 100% of all profits. There's no splits, no fees. International traders, there's unlimited scaling potential. You know, US, due to regulations, I could only c I can only fund you up to $599 a year. So sorry to US people, but hey, you know, $599 with 40x leverage, that's not so bad. You can run it up. You can run it up if you're careful. It's hard. I I don't think everybody's going to succeed here by any means. But if you do succeed, that's value for me, too. So, I get to watch you. You have to stream everything. So, I actually I actually like uh I love coming across really fair trades like this. And this is like a really fair trade because I know you're ambitious. You're dedicated to the game. Just, hey, you might need a little cash right now. It's a bare market, dude. There's nothing wrong with that. This has been a very, very challenging couple years. So, you need a little cash. I'll give you a little cash. No strings attached. There's a string. The string is, hey, use the tools that I've spent five years to build so we can at least make sure you live a long time and ideally become profitable. Nothing's guaranteed. Of course, it's not plug-and-play. You still have to bring your intuition and your strategy, but if you're looking at everybody's positions, you could probably build a different type of strategy than you're currently trading. So, I can literally see, okay, this guy gets liquidated, then I can see he's 1.1% away, you know, and then when I'm entering positions, you could watch the whole boot camp on how to use Coin App. I'm not going to go to that go into that now. But this is just a better approach in my opinion. And since I'm paying for that, that's the only that's like a fair trade, right? I give you I give you 250 to start and if you are consistent for one week, boom, uh up to a,000 and then we could keep going from there. But we'll talk about that later. $1,000 at 40x leverage is literally $40,000. That's crazy. These backs are looking nuts. So, this is what you get. Uh this is what we require. Stream every day live on YouTube. Stream every trade. Excuse me. Every trade. Not every day. Okay, it doesn't have to be every day. Use Quant app for all trades, the bumpers, minimum of 1 hour, 3 days per week. Now, obviously, if our algorithm where you get funded more is based off of consistency, engagement, and trading, yeah, if you stream more, probably going to do better. But I don't want this to become a job. I don't want this to be something you don't enjoy. It has to be fun to you. It has to be. That's why you always see me on YouTube because this is sincerely fun. I get to show other traders how I'm automating my trading and some of them are so far ahead of me that I learn at an exponential speed. So, if you're trading live and you have a bunch of smart traders coming in and giving you their opinions, you need thick skin. Sure. But if you get over that and you look at it as, dude, if somebody's talking bad on me, that's good cuz that means like I'm doing something right because a small percentage of people will will will talk bad. So if you're scared of streaming, like that's the only fear is like some internet troll, you know? It's something that truly exists in all of us. It's very simple. This is what I believe and I'm willing to die for it. But yeah, the benefits are crazy because you're going to have all these smart people looking over your shoulder looking at different data sources telling you ideas from what AI to use to a new market or hey this new d this data I'm looking at right now might be changing the current trade you're in. I don't know it. I think it's super awesome. Anyways, we gota require to make sure you put funded bymundev plus the link to mundave.com here in the description just so we can be very transparent. You got to be over 18 and then it has to be desktop screen sharing at the minimum. So if you add your face of course you're going to get more engagement. frequently asked questions. You could read through the frequently asked questions. This is all live at mundave.com/funding. Uh you could read the full terms here as well. Um I'm trying to be as transparent as possible. You can apply here by clicking apply. And again, this is first come, first serve. Uh take this seriously. Make that, you know, there's so many people that want this. I'll just tell you that. I'll leave with that. There are so many people that want to start doing this. So, it's going to be very easy to let most of you fall off here and most of you will just not click the apply or you won't make the video or you'll slack here and there. That's good. I need that to be done. So, uh if you do want to get funded without having to put down money, go to mundave.com/funding. You keep all profits, you keep all splits. All you got to do is stream using the Quan app. So, if you have any questions, I'll be around social media, etc. You can ask me anything.