All right. So, today I'm going to build a trading bot from scratch. You can see here these charts go up and down in pretty random nature here. So, trading by hand is not a winning endeavor for most people, especially when they start to crank up the leverage. I essentially know from looking at everybody's positions here that I can see everybody's using way too much leverage. I can see exactly this guy is using 40x leverage on a long here. He's 1% away from getting liquidated. This guy's 1.3% away on a short only $180,000 though. This guy has a $6.9 million short on. He's $2.39% of the way or 2.39% away from getting liquidated. So these numbers kind of give me ideas and I I watch all these numbers on the screen because essentially it gives me ideas that I can then automate into a trading bot. So I don't believe that hand trading is a solid use of time. You know, some of the smartest people in the world are traders, but they choose to spend their time looking at these charts when they could choose to use their time to come up with ideas, look at data instead, come up with the idea, back test the idea to see if it works in the past. If it works in the past, it's much more likely to work in the future. It's got a road map that actually explains that here. Actually resetting the page here. So, it's it's not working, but you can go to moonab.com/roadap if you do want that. But it it goes ahead and explains my entire process of automated trading. munda.com/roadmap. Essentially, it starts with the research research of a good strategy. So, how do you research? Well, you can read books, read papers, watch YouTube videos, and just come up with a backlog of ideas. Once you have a backlog of ideas, you can then go ahead and test to see if those ideas worked in the past. Let's see if this road map is back up. I'm using clog code down here all day long, every day. It's been removed from the dashboard. So, I still see the Cyber Monday deal banner at the top of the road map page, but it looks like it's good from every other page. Oh, nope. Sorry. All right. It's on the calculators page as well and it's on the game page as well and it's on the main page as well. So those four pages still need the Cyber Monday gone. Thank you. Anyways, you can check out this road map if you want to kind of understand what I'm talking about here about how I am automating my trading. I think having a visual is nice. So it's just mund.com/roadap. Uh this walks you through some of my videos that are important in order to automate your training. You got the Discord, you got frequently asked questions, you can go here and you can get this step-by-step process that I use to automate my trading. And that's what I'm going to be building today. That's what I'm going to be doing today. I'm going to be following this process. Process of automating your trading starts with research of trading strategies. So, you can research those strategies anywhere. You know, books, papers, data, dog. Then back test those strategies, see if they actually work in the past. So, back testing is the process of seeing if a strategy worked in the past. is using old data, past data, in order to see if that idea that you have actually worked in the past. At least if it worked in the past, well, that's a much better indicator than putting a Fibonacci on the screen or line on the screen. You know that. So, uh, it really comes out as being an indicator. And if it works in the past, it's much more likely to work in the future. So, I'm trying to tell you the system before I get started because everybody wants to go build a bot right away, but you'll get smoked. I got smoked. My first buy, I got smoked because I didn't actually see if it worked in the past. I was just so excited to build it. So, um, of course, none of this is financial advice. I'm not a financial adviser, but at the end of the day, I know it's tempting to go build a bot right away. Don't do that. Research and then back test and then implement. You can have this road map. It's free wound.com/romap. Also got this GitHub if you want to get started with AI agents for trading. Uh, that's also in the description. I try to put as much out as possible here. I believe CO is a great equalizer and I know for a fact that Wall Street will never show this information. So, I try to show as much as I possibly can. That being said, please do read the this right here. Pause the video just really quickly before we go super deep today. This explains that this is not financial advice. I'm not financial adviser. There's nothing plugandplay around here. Um there's it's very risky. And yeah, just take a quick pause here and you'll understand it all and I think it all makes sense. Nobody's just going to give you a profitable trading bot, even me. Uh I know I share probably the most in the world, but all right. So you go, you have the road map now. Uh you can go ahead and attack this industry on your own. If you do not want to watch this video, that's fine. Go ahead and read the road map. Read the frequently asked questions. You'll understand everything. Here's a book list to get you started. Remember the process I follow and I will be following today is the process of automating your trading starts with research. So it's RBI system, research, back test, implement, research, back, test, implement. I'm pretty much on that loop. So, let's go ahead and start out with our first idea here. Let's go over to our cursor here and we're going to go I got the API. I'm actually going to go ahead and run this uh let's see let's see let's see. I'm going to go ahead copy path here. I'm going to run this somewhere else because I want to get the new data. So, what data am I getting, dude? Well, CD I'm actually going to be getting liquidation data for the last how to activate TFlow for the last 18 months. liquidation data. What is liquidation data? Liquidations are when somebody uses too much leverage and essentially the price goes the wrong way. So for example here in this game 40x leverage, if the price goes too far away, I get liquidated like it goes against me too far. So a liquidation is when the exchange takes all your money. So I watch all that data here. You can actually see me storing all that data right here on this blue and pink screen right here. I'm looking at the big liquidations and my hypothesis here that um you know is kind of our part the research is that market makers they like to liquidate people. They try to liquidate everybody. So I want to build a combination of the liquidation a liquidation strategy plus trading towards these big liquidations. I don't know something like that. So that's what we're going to do. But first I want to start with some back testing. I don't think I don't know if I'll be able to back test all of this fully, but you can see I'm one almost one gigabyte of data downloaded so far. Um, you can see here if I go to data here and then back test. I do have some liquidation back test. I believe I should. Yes. Okay, great. Fetch all data. Fetch liquidation data. Robust pure liquidation momentum. Let's see what's going on here. So we do have some stats. This strategy uses only liquidation data. No open, high, low, close. It trades with liquidation. So momentum continuation. When long liquidations are liquidated, sell, continue the down move. When short liquidations are liquidated, buy, continue the up move. So the interesting thing about this is you can trade them both ways. Can be an indicator to go both ways. Um I've back tested both ways and they both work. That being said, they're both challenging challenging to get the exact fill that you want. Okay, 299% here while the buy and hold is 65. Uh 5 minute works well. Okay, so baseline stats 299%. Okay, sharp ratio 82, Sortino 5.8. Now, these are the optimized results, so of course they're going to be better. Pure liquidation momentum. Interesting. Okay. So, the optimized results are like 500% return in a year and a half. Um, the unoptimized results are 200% return. So, that looks good. Optimized results are a little iffy. You know that, right? Because you can always search forever until you find something great. Max hold period 2 hours. Okay. Liquidation threshold looking for a 975 in liquidations. Okay. baseline optimize. Okay, so this is actually interesting. So, I'm going to write this one down here. I'm going to write this one down because um I think it's an interesting idea. I have an interesting idea based off it. Let's say copy path. And let's go here to uh let's open up this read me here. Let's go ahead and say open to the side. Okay. Um, well, let's go ahead and call this, let's say, new file. And let's say whatever today's date is, December 5th. December 5th MD. Okay, let's go ahead and close that up. Open it to the side. Open to the side. Okay. I just want to write some notes, my guy. Just want to write some notes. So, 125 here. um testing a few liquidation strategies. Okay, this is this is a momentum one that had 200% return optimize 500%. essentially wait for a threshold of 975,000 in liquidations, take profit 1%, stop loss 2%, max hold time 2 hours. But I think this would be interesting to layer in with a strategy that also looks at the open positions to trade towards those liquidations. liquidation trading bots are super interesting. Okay, sorry for that, but you know, I had to find something. Okay, so this one looks interesting. Um, weird that that didn't go there, but testing lick strats. Okay, so this one is good. 200% unoptimized, 500% optimized, take profit 1%, stop loss 2%, 975,000, liquidation threshold, max hold for 2 hours. I think it'd be interesting to combine with looking at people's positions essentially where they get liquidated because if we're trading momentum then we can make sure to only take those trades where there are other pending liquidations. I like that. Okay. So then also let's look at the conturion because like I was saying it can work both ways. I've definitely seen buy the dip liquidation work and then you just saw continuation liquidation work. So here liquidation contrarian buy the dip sell the rip sell the rip rip. The strategy only uses liquidation data and the open high low close volume data. Okay. So lick data BTC 5m minute open high low close volume. What was this? Do we do we still have this data? Please please please. Okay. So you can see here um the return was poor 92%. So that's not good. Let's go look at some of the other ones. So all of this is in the trading by GitHub by the way. It's in the liquidations folder. Fetch liquidation data pulls 120 days of liquidation from the API liquidation strategies. Liquidation ADX moon. Okay, this is interesting. return 16 buy and hold 65. Okay. Okay. Okay. Liquidation ADX2. I'm just looking for the ones that have some good things at the top of the code because if it has good things at the top of the code, that means that I already ran this and I have the data cuz I'm a data dog. Pre-process pre-process raw liquidation data from the moon API in the standard format ready for all back testing strategies. Okay, let's go ahead and run this. Do you want to process? Hell yeah. Hell yeah, dude. Hell yeah. So, it's processing the data from the liquidation folder. You can see it found the symbols. Okay, now it's saving pre-process. Boom. Okay, pre-process. Boom. It's got the five minute, the one minute. Okay, beautiful. Let's go ahead and go back to this one now and see how it doodoo. This is should be new data. I mean, 100% loss. What's the start date and the end date? 125. Beautiful. So, this is up to-ate data. Cool. Did it just blow up? Because that would suck. That would suck. That would suck. Okay, let's go look at the one that did well. Okay, the momentum here. Optimize. I don't want to look at that right now. Improvement running strategy. I want to see what the raggy look like cuz if the raggy looks different later, then I'm a little nervous. So, this was now 9:22. So, September 22nd. September 22nd of 2025. Welcome, welcome, welcome. Okay, so five minute here. So it's a five minute test. Okay, so we are on five minute data here. Let's see what we are down here. Five minutes. I think this strategy is not good anymore. Maybe I mean you can see it doesn't it loses all its money here. Max draw down 100%. Damn. I wish I wish I would have ran it earlier. So, okay. This isn't correct though. Max hold time for two hours. Okay. Okay. I got to change these things up. I wanted to make sure that this is on the right um thing. So, I'm glad I wrote that down. 975123. And then, oh, wait, wait, wait, wait. Let's look up here. Let's see if we have these for the the parameters. Did I write them down? No, I didn't. I did not. Okay. So, let's just go ahead and test it like this. I have all the parameters over here. So, let me just go ahead and post change all the parameters real quick. Now, here 75 racks Um, max hold time 2 hours, stop loss 2%. Take profit 1%. Okay, run it. Okay, 422% return. Versa buy and hold 33% return. Exposure time 4.1%. I love that, dude. I love that. Okay, I'm going to run this. I'm not going to run it like this, but I'mma I'mma use this. Okay, so now you've seen in this very short time so far, I researched an idea. Okay, and I just back tested the idea. How did I research it? I've I've been looking at this freaking screen for years, dude. I've been looking at this screen for years. So, um, that's how I research it. That's how I researched it. Now, how are you going to find your first idea? That's the good question. There's books, there's trading books. This interviews like 60 different great traders. Chat with Traders has like 300 traders. Everybody has a different approach to the market. Nobody's just going to give you a step-by-step process. You got to build something that works for you. So, remember the process of automating your trading is the RBI system starts with research of trading strategies. I kind of did that today, right? Like I was looking at data. Um, I kind of came in today with an idea in my mind because I don't know about you, but I listen to Audible. I listen to podcasts. I I watch YouTube videos. I'm I always got my AirPods in, dude. So, when I think of an idea, I just write on my phone. And then I can come here and I can just be like, "Okay, that's the idea. Where did I get it from?" Well, I've been looking at this liquidation data forever now, dude. And I've been testing all types of different ideas. And the next step after research is back testing. Back testing. Okay, cool. Well, guess what? I already have some liquidation tests here. So let's start from a position of power and I'll dive deeper. Actually there is one thing I want to test here. So so let's go ahead here and test that. Now you did see the whole process of the researching and back testing. You can see I came up with this strategy here that has 422% return 33% buy and hold. So it beats buy and hold. The max draw downs7% average draw downs 1.19. Okay. So you see that full process, right? Research back test. Okay. if it works in the past. It's not guaranteed to work in the future, but it it's a good indicator. Okay? And you can see here that this game here, I'm on this game as well. And why do I not trade by hand? Because it's hard, dude. It's hard. So, if I were to take a trade right now, I could buy or sell. I would be dependent on my emotions. I'd be dependent on my emotions to close this. So, you can see there's some liquidations coming through here. Uh maybe I'll try to trade this strategy that I am talking about here. Now let's go ahead and I want to test a new style of this as well. So we did get the data. We have the new data. Beautiful. Okay. Let's go ahead here and say CD CD in what B? I want a CD in here. Copy path. CD up in there. Okay. Liquidations. Not all the way, but let's just go part the way. Okay, liquidations. Okay, let's say Python. No, no, no, no, no. I just want to say C thing. Actually, I want to X out. I say cond activate Tflow, bro. And then C thing. Okay, beautiful. So, and then I'm going to say here, so I want you to duplicate this file. Same uh parameters, all that good stuff. Um, actually I don't want to do that because it's not the same idea. I was looking for a contrarian one for this idea. Okay, let me explain it. Next idea. Next idea. Find a contrarian liquidation where it's pretty much buying the dip or selling the rip, but then make sure to have a gap of when you enter. So like 0.5%. Okay. So now what I want to do is I want to combine this a bit and take this idea here. See, I do want to do that now. But you can see, okay, at 975,000 it enters, right? With the liquidations as a momentum play. I wanted to trade the opposite. So, right now, if there's a bunch of long liquidations, it would go short, assuming there'd be more long liquidations. But I want to add a parameter. So we do trade o opposites. So if there are a bunch of long liquidations, we go long instead of short. So just flip those things. But I want to have a parameter up top that we also test in the optimizer that essentially is the percentage spread from the liquidation. So if the liquidation happens at 100,000 and we say there's a 5% spread, that means okay, liquidation happened at 100,000. We're not buying till 95,000. Right? We'll make the spread for now 0.5%. But you understand the deal, right? The example shows momentum liquidation. So if there's a$100, $975,000 liquidation, we're for of longs, meaning longsid liquidated, we would trade that momentum and short keep shorting it down. That's what the example shows. We're going to do the inverse. So if there's 975,000 in liquidations, we're of long liquidations, we're actually going to buy the we're going to buy long. So, the exact opposite, but we're going to have that spread and that spread is going to be 0.5%. Okay, thank you. Go ahead and build this. So, I I just want to do a little bit more back testing here because I have a couple ideas and you just heard that second idea. Okay. Let's go ahead and gamble a little bit. All right, I put a trade in. You can see immediately I lost $38,000 just due to fees. A lot of us don't know that fees actually chop us up. You can see here everybody gets a million. Moonub.com/game. Um I've paid 265,000 in fees. This is why I think you can't trade by hand because if you didn't pay those fees or if you didn't trade by hand, you wouldn't pay these fees, dude. The fees would be much much lower. You can see what it is versus a bot. So just make sure to be careful about your fees, dude. Be careful about your fees. Make sure to automate it, dude. Make sure to automate your trading. Please, please, please. Okay. So, done. Inverse liquidation spread she said. Okay. Key exchanges from the momentum version inverted logic contrarian. When longsidated buy, okay, catch the bounce after. Okay. When shorts liquidated, sell fade the squeeze. Okay, perfect. Um, new parameter here. Spread percentage is 0.5%. Okay. Yeah, let's get that percentage so that we put it in is 0.5, not zero. That's crazy. B, I'm not doing that math all the time. Ain't no way, bro. Ain't no way. Ain't no way, bro. Ain't no way. Okay, it's new spread parameter. Okay. When shorts get liquidated at 100K. Okay. Same baseline parameters. Okay. Running with that. Okay. Let's go ahead. Let's go ahead and close this position. By the way, should we should we close this? Should we close it? See, I can't I can't close personally. I'm not a good I'm not a good closer. So that's why I can't trade by hand. So if I ever want to trade by hand, I simply just come play this game w moon.com/game. It's the same feelings. It's the same feelings as trading with size. So I think it's very very important to stop by the game and make sure that you are cognizant of how many fees like I can't close this position just due to my fees dude you can see people are getting liquidated here 5K 458 okay okay now we have our new bot here done so you can see done mundave now all parameters are human readable so okay beautiful let's go ahead and check it out dude let's see what our new bot does visual Visual Studio Code. Why the hell do I have that open? Who uses Visual Studio Code? Okay. What's the name of the bodybot bot? Liquidation inverse liquidation spread. Okay. So, let's go down to liquidations. Inverse liquidation spread. And don't worry, if you are in the lifetime package, you have access to this code. Okay, let's run it. Let's see if it works. probably won't work, but that's the part of the game. Expecty is only 26, so it is profitable. 393% return, 33.25. Okay, sick, blood. Let's see what the optimizations are. So, okay. So, that's cool, dude, because did you see that? Did you see what I just showed you in this first little time here? I showed you two opposite strategies. Literally opposite. straight up opposite. And they both worked. But why can I find these so quickly? It's because I've been studying, dude. I've been doing my work. I've been at school every single day. This is the school here. It's the stream. Not actually in school. I'm too old for that. Yes, fees are included. Okay, that's interesting, dude. I love this. This is very interesting. Huge. Both strategies above work and they're exactly opposite. So I can lowkey build out a stat orb here. Oh [ __ ] Damn. I showed too much sauce here. It's okay. I showed too much sauce here. It's okay. I want to show too much sauce, dude. I want to. I really do. I hope you enjoy it, dude. Take profit one, two, three. How about two, five, three? Okay. Max hold time two, four, and let's say six. Sharp ratio. No. Um, I don't want to Well, let's go ahead and let's gee, I got a couple things I want to test with this now. Let's go ahead and dual test it then. Yeah, let's data dog this. Let's say um cond activate T. I'mma test one right here, bro. For the sharp ratio. Copy path. Python. I'm just going to test the sharp ratio there. And then I'm going to say over here, hey girl, what you doing? Hey shorty, thank you so much for this is fire. U will you go ahead and in for that inverse liquidation spread. py, will you go ahead and optimize it for ROI return instead of sharp ratio? I'm asking her because I don't know what the exact words are. You just have to change this part right here. Sharp ratio. Okay. So, you can see this is profitable, but that's the unoptimized one. So, let's see what it takes. Um, how long is this going to take? Is it going to be a 100,000 through that? Oh, damn. Okay, that's a lot. Um, 10 million. Is that 10 million? Two, three, two, three. That's a million. All right. I need to change this because this is going to take too long. It's going to take forever, bro. It's going to take forever. But you know what? I think we do have forever. So, let's go ahead and say copy path here. I can make it twice as fast. Let's do that. 50,000 because we know the original idea works. Okay? So that's what matters. Remember, when you optimize it gets a little sketch, you know why I get sketch? Because if you search long enough, you can find anything with math. Oh smoke, dude. Holy hell, bro. I got wrecked. I got wrecked. Your boy got wrecked, dude. I should have sold. I should have sold. This is why you can't trade by hand, bro. I hope you see this now. I hope you see this. I don't think anybody can trade by hand. I think it's just gambling. Be careful out there. You can see I was up and I could have just taken it, but no. No, dude. No. I'm a stupid human. I'm a stupid human that is still trying to drive a horse. I'm just trying to drive this horse all the time, bro. Just trying to drive it all over the place. It's crazy, dude. It's crazy that we do this, dude. It's crazy. It's insane. It doesn't make sense. It doesn't make sense. Doesn't make sense to trade by hand when we have robots that can do it for us and they're provably working at least in the past. Come on, dude. Let's get it. If they work in the past, go ahead and test a small size in the future. See if it still works cuz not everything's going to work in the future just cuz it worked in the past. Okay, let's go ahead and try to get this one going as well. I'm going to say you're going to go 50,000. Let's do 75,000. So, it's three times faster. Five. Let's just go ahead and say let's make it a little bit faster. A little bit faster. 8 hours. No thanks. Okay. So, we'll see. This one should be a little bit faster here. Copy path. Honda activate tflow, bro. Python run it. Okay, this one should be a little bit faster. You can see it's profitable off RIP. So that's okay. Let's go ahead and build it then. Let's go ahead over here to our um How should we do this, dude? Let's get back to clock code. Okay. Copy path copy path. All right. I want you to build both of these out into live trading bots. Now, here is an example of a live trading bot for Hyperlquid. I want you to use all of these same um things that they that we use in that bot. So you have a full uh So we have a full bot. Here's an example. Okay. And I'm I'm going to be more specific than that. Don't worry. Copy path. Copy path. Copy path. Copy path. All I do is copy path and tell AI what to do now. This is so amazing, dude. Do you get it? It's time. It's time to step on the gas. Come on, bro. We got AI. We can build anything. And I'm getting smoked, dude. I'm getting absolutely smothered, dude. And I'm not even down that bad, but I'm down 65 racks. Okay, so I actually need to go to my road map because I have this checklist. This is the road map. It's free. Road map. Okay, book list alpha generation techniques. Okay, I need to go here to the RBI system because I'm implementing into a bot. Okay. All right. So, just uh double check of the things that we definitely need. You'll see these all in the example file, but I just want to go go over them with you so we make sure to get them all. So, risk controls, of course, the first thing we need to run is the P&L close. We need to make sure that we haven't hit our take profit, our stop loss. Okay? If we have, then we can move on to the strategy. Remember, first thing we do is are we in position? If we're in position, check the P&L close. Okay? Then we'll move on to the strategy. We're not in position. Okay. Boom. We got the strategy. The strategy is outlined in both of those files. You'll be making two bots here. Okay. You're making the inverse liquidation spread with the current settings. Don't worry about the optimizations. Don't worry about the notes at the top. Look at the actual actual current settings of both those bots. So, you're going to have one inverse liquidation spread and one pure liquidation momentum. two different bots all with these same step by steps things to check and use the MMO 2 as the main example taking a bit longer. We're going to be entering with limit orders and exiting with limit orders. So, we should have a P our P&L closed. I think it's already doing limit orders, but um if they're not, they remember just loop loop until we're entered. Loop until we exited. Don't stop exiting until we're done. We're out of the position. But I believe our P&L clause is pretty thick already and she does that for us. So, thank you. But double check. Okay. Also check make sure to always get the position. Um, if you're if we're running the bot each loop, we need to be getting the position because we need to be able to see if we need to run the P&L close or see if it's time to enter a position. Uh, also triple check that every time you put in an order, you cancel the previous order or else we'll run into major problems because, you know, we'll double order. Make sure to never order if we already have a position. So, we don't double order. Um, set this to loop while true. It runs every 30 seconds or 15 seconds. Every 15 seconds. We'll use $10 size. Start with 10 $10 size. Tiny size. As I preach that you must start with small size because it's not necessarily going to match up to the back test. We got two back tests above as an example. We got one market maker above as the example. And now you can build two bots because we just went through our full checklist. Okay. Thank you, Shorty. So, I literally use the stuff I put out. So, I hope that's helpful for you, dude. Moonab.com/roadmap is where you get this is the RBI system I follow. It's also my notes sheet. So, enjoy. Much love to you. 777 Just want to say you're the man. Thank you, bro. Much love to you. Thank you, dude. Thank you. Good to see you. So, Claus's working on the two bots. Beautiful. How's our back test going? Damn, this one's not even close. Neither of them are even close, dude. So, okay. But that's okay because this is we're getting the unoptimized version. And when you optimize, you can overoptimize, you know. Hit the like button, Kflow. Thank you. Hello, S. How are you? Hustle. What's up, ADA gang? We should focus how we take the ultimate edge of poly market. Let's get it, dude. Let's get it. You ever make you ever make bot for trading stocks? I do. I did. I did. I did. I don't anymore. But are you a millionaire? I'm a trillionaire. I'm a trillionaire. Yo, Broki, is it better to build such algor Python? Python. Python. Python. Definitely Python. All right, caught up with the chat. Much love to you guys. Python for sure. We're building two bots here, dude. And I don't even know how much time it's been, but it hasn't been much. Do you see how fast we can do this, dude? It's crazy. All right. So, they're optimizing, but they're taking hella long. So, let's go ahead and see if we can get them to optimize a little bit faster. Okay. So, instead of 100 to Okay, let's say 100. Okay. Spread percentage um let's say 0.5 take profit here. One, two, and three. Stop loss max hold time two and four. Okay, that should be faster now, dude. That should be a lot faster. Let's see. Optimizing this may take a few minutes. Hella long, dude. This one. Neither of them have done anything yet. Okay, let's see how our bots are being built. Claude is stepping on the gas with us today, too. So, say hello to her. Hello, Claude. Good morning, Claude. Good to see you, Claude. I appreciate you, girl. You working hard every day. Much love to you. Thank you. So, we got three back tests as well. Three back tests going, one claw going, building two bots. Holy moly, what a time to be alive. I can do what I used to do in five to 10 hours and like 30 minutes max. Okay, let's go ahead and see what she did. She said, "I've built both live trading bots for Hyperlquid pure liquidation momentum bot." Okay, lick momentumbot. py strategy momentum trade with liquidations when longs are liquidated short. Okay, so this is momentum. When longs are liquidated, short. So, right now, longs are getting liquidated. Oh my god, we're getting smoked, bro. We're getting smoked on our trade. This is why you can't trade by hand, fam. Can't trade by hand. You can't just guess which way the price is going to go, dude. Can't just sit here and guess. Are you kidding me? This is insane. I feel like I'm 0 for two. I know I'm only 0 for one, but I feel like I'm 0 for two because up here I could have taken the profit, but I'm too emotional. Dude, this is why we can't trade by hand. Please stay away. Stay away from hand trading. If you're going to trade by hand, please just stop by the game. It will save you so much money. Stop by the game. Have fun. Have fun with the game, dude. So, let's go ahead and see. Momentum trade with liquidations. This is the first one. Okay. Inverse liquidation spread by contrarian a trade against the liquidations when longs are liquidated long. Catch the bounce but wait for price to drop 0.5% first for better entry. When shorts are liquidated short but wait for price to rise.5% first for better entry. Run with these two. Okay, so I built these two already, dude. Now we just have to debug them. This optimizer taking hella long still. But it's okay because again, I think an unoptimized strategy is better than an optimized one. You can see we're getting smoked here, my friend. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I picked the wrong way. I'm just a mere mortal, just a human with the motions trying to figure out which way to go. Left or right? Up or down? Oh my god. This guy just got licked. I'm about to get licked, too. Let's see who's on the leaderboard, dude. Okay. So, Tai and Mooney both me. Babo also me. [laughter] B. Babo also me. Damn, dude. All right, people aren't doing too bad here. People aren't doing too bad. Okay, let's go ahead and see here if I can debug these. Matter of fact, first before I debug, so what are your thoughts on this? You know, they're kind of uh the exact opposite strategy. Uh there are going to be times that they're both in the market, huh? Or Yeah. How do you think this these play together? Kind of like a stat or a hedge. Tyson says he switches to live and gets effed. That's the problem, dude. That's the problem. That's why I always trade with tiny tiny size to start. Make sure that they actually match up with the past. They match up with the past, then scale up. Careful with your back test. Make sure that there's fees accounted for. I'm getting absolutely right here, dude. I should have gone short, but how do you say how do you say that? How do you How do you know? You don't know. Nobody knows. Nobody knows. You go long, you go short. You're wrong and then you're wrong. You're wrong and then you're wrong, dude. You're wrong long, you're wrong short. It's because it's the leverage, dude. It's the leverage and the fees. It's the leverage and the fees. Paper trading, you could paper trade. I use small size though. I guess it's kind of similar though. Kind of similar, but I'm not sure how paper trading works with the fields if it's real data or not. So, that's why I like using small size. Okay, let's read what she had. Great question, Moon. Let me think this through. You're right. They're exact opposites. They're exact opposites. If you run both simultaneously on the same account, you'd essentially be opening a short momentum, then moments later opening a long inverse when price drops.5%. This creates a few scenarios. They cancel each other out. You'd have offsetting positions basically flat with just fees lost. I'm glad she thinks about the fees at least. Dude, if the cascade goes 2% then reverses, momentum takes profit on the way down. Inverse takes profit on the bounce. One wins, one loses. If price cascades 5% and never bounces, momentum wins big. inverse gets stopped out. Vice versa, if it's a fake out that immediately reverses for a true stat setup, you would want to run them on separate accounts or add logic so they don't take the same signal or intentionally run both as a volatility play. You're betting the move will be big enough that one side exceeds the other's losses. My honest take, run them separately first. See which one matches current market conditions. The momentum had better back test 597 versus unknown for inverse. But market changes, market change, but markets change. The spread on the inverse bot should help with entry quality. Run them both separately. I think that's the right play. Run them both separately and see how they do to be better. question is which one first? Also, I do want to try something with the contrarian really quickly. pure approach, pure liquidation, contrarian inverse here. Let's go ahead and just up these here to let's say 3 million. Let's run it. Profit factor 1.9 return 43318. Holy fudge, bro. Holy fudge, dude. Holy fudge, dude. Holy fudge, bro. That's crazy. That's insane. Uhoh. Uhoh. Uhoh, dude. Uhoh. Daddy found something again. Uhoh. All right. So, I think I'm gonna go with this one. I think I'm gonna go with this one. I think I got to go with this one. How many trays is it? Huff 200 2,000 2793 sharp ratio is a two. Two sharp exposure time 20% 18%. Okay. 2,000 trades. That's a lot. Um, let's see what happens if I widen these a little bit. Um, first off, let's go ahead and let's grab this. I'm going to play around with this just a bit. Yeah, I got 18 months of liquidation data. So, it's a little bit of an edge because it's going to take you 18 months to get this data. If you're in the lifetime, you got it. So, it's in the it's in the um Discord code section. Okay. Okay, so now I want to go ahead here and say this. First thing I want to test here, I'm just going to test these independently. Let's just test them independently, dude. I don't want to test the spread percentage. I don't want to test the liquidation thresholds. I'll test these things. Now, this should be faster, my dudes. Come on, baby girl. There we go. 6%. See? Much faster. So, we've already built out the two bots, but I just got um I found something better that's probably chiller. Probably chiller. We'll see. I think it's going to be chiller because I'm using bigger size liquidation. So that means there's going to be less trades and that means it's going to be chiller. We want to keep it chill. We want to keep it chill, dude. We're 71% of the way there. We just got a little bit further to go. Just got a little bit further to go. We've already done two back tests here today. Maybe three. Built two bots. Okay, that's amazing. Rewind and you can see it all. We're going to set one live at least and then I'm going to set up the other ones the next day and the next day. So, keep locking in with me every day because I show everything. I believe code is a great equalizer. I believe if you learn how to code, you could build anything for the rest of your life. Doesn't matter where you are in this world. Let's get it. Okay. So, you can see here the optimized return is 51,000%. So, this too good to be true, dude. It's too good to be true. It is too good to be true. This P&L curve is nasty, dude. But that's because this is the strategy that the exchanges are trading. They take over your liquidations. They take over your liquidations, dude. This is the strategy that exchanges trade. They take over your liquidations. That's why the P&L curve looks nasty like that. Sharp ratio 1.4. before. All right. So, hopefully it put the parameters. It did. Okay. 300,000. Okay. Interesting. Did I mess up, dude? Did I mess up on this? Did I say 300,000, not 3 million? Oopsy daisies. That's why I traded so much. I didn't get that. Okay, so 300,000 actually is far. That's funny. Put a comma there, dude. Put a comma. So 300,000. Really? Okay. Interesting. That's interesting. Okay. What's What's the 3 million look like then? Liquidation's coming through. 1.8 A profit factor turned 43%. Draw down. Not bad though. It's not bad at all. See, dude. Okay, this is the thing. I'm not right. I'm not right on trading. I'm not right right when it comes to automated trading either. I made a big baboon mistake right there and I put 300,000 instead of 3 million, but it turned out being that 300,000 is better than my original thesis. That's crazy, dude. That's insane. I'm not right ever. It's just you got to test enough tell you're right. That's so wild, bro. So, so wow. Okay. So you can see here this is a the P&L curve from the optimized. So return 43 Okay. So, I mean the 3,000 looks better, right? 300,000. I just think this is going to get chopped up cuz there's so many trades. Let's go ahead and double the fees. Okay, 43,000. You can see. Let's double the fees. Let's double the fees because it's just too many trades. The commission here is already high, but let's make it higher. Okay. Still 2,000%. I mean, still pretty good, dude. still pretty good with double the fees. So, let's go back to regular and see what it is again. Okay, it goes up to 43,000 with the feed profit factor 1.97. Okay. So then this is the next thing I want to test here. So I want to test these thresholds. So, this might take a little bit longer. Let's make this smaller. Let's just make this two hours do. Okay. So, this optimization might take a minute. Let's see if our any of our other optimizations are done. Not yet. 3%. Wow. 13%. Wow. Damn, those are big optimizations we're making. Those are some big optimizations we're making, dude. All right. So, these ones are going to be faster. I just want to see what the uh the best time to buy is to enter is 94%. Here we go. Let's see what it looks like. This looks unbelievable. Too good to be true. If it's too good to be true, it probably is, dude. It probably is. Just remember that. Remember that. Too good to be true? It probably is. Okay, so let's go ahead and see this one. Worst trade 7%. Max draw down sharp ratio 2.2. Sortino high as hell. Profit factor high as hell. Return high as hell. 142,000% return. [snorts] 142,000% return. Dude, that's insane. That is insane. All right. So, now I'm in a predicament. Got a lot of good options here. Let's do this. Copy path. Let's build a third option, a third bot here. So, we have the two already. And then this third one just has a little bit different parameters as you can see. Wait, did I even tell her? Use these parameters. This is overoptimized one spread. Take profit. Take profit. Does this turn the trades down a bit? Yeah, it does. Okay, sick. Let's go ahead and put this up there. Copy path. Copy path. Copy path. Always copying path. Okay, so let's go ahead and take that 1% 300,000 and 14% exposure time. Okay, that's good. Max draw down 12% average draw down one 1%. Okay, these are the parameters we want to use for this new bot. Here they are right here. All right, this should be pretty easy for you to build because you'll just dupe the other one, you know, since we already have one just with different pars. Okay, thank you. Okay, so perfect. Let's go ahead and get these live, dog. Let's get them live. Let me think about this for a second. Okay, I thought about it. Thought about it. Now I got a plan. And I think about it, then I do it. I think about it and then I do it while everybody else is just thinking about it and talking about it, telling people about it. I just tell the AI. That's all I need to tell. I don't need to tell anybody else. I just tell AI and she'll just do it for me. I don't just talk about it. Don't just think about it. I just think about it, then I do it. Cuz there's doers and dabblers, fam. I'm a doer. Uh, I have tried the 15-minute 1 hour up down. Yes, I haven't tried fully market making for it, but it could be interesting, especially with this new idea I have here. I think that could be interesting. So, maybe I'll build that as well. Fire in the chat. Fire in the chat. Fire in the chat. Fire in the chat, bro. Thank you, dog. [ __ ] I damn near love you. Damn near love you. Okay, so we got these three. Watch. Ready to roll. Ready to rock. Whoa. Need a test. Need to test them. Of course. So, I need to go ahead and see where this is connected to. Got to look at myv. So, that's under liquidations. That's good. We'll keep that one open here. What's accumulation? Liquidation and accumulation. Liquidation and accumulation. Okay. Hyper liquid. Okay. Here's the V1. Okay. Go ahead and run it. Not in current position. It seems like it's working, dude. I just have no clue what account it's connected to. But that's okay. That's okay. I just want to make sure it all works. Okay. And then um we'll do the rest of that. No signal. Okay. So, short liquidations here have been 41,000 in the last 5 minutes. Matter of fact, can you check how many minutes it looks in the past for all three of those back tests we turned into bots? That's one metric I don't remember seeing in the back test. So, let's look at that. Matter of fact, let's go here cuz that's a big variable. That is a big variable. We have to admit that one. We have to admit that. That's a pretty big variable. So, let's go over to the back test. Pure liquidation spread. Okay. She's probably going to figure it out before I figure it out. That's okay, dude. That's what she's here for. What she's here for. But let's see if I can beat her. Uh, max hold time, liquidation threshold. Found it. The back test used 5minute bars. The strategy check self long liquidations negative one which is just the current bars liquidation volume meaning it looks at the liquidations that happen within 5 minutes. Facts. Okay, let's get it. So, we're Gucci. Um, we are Gucci. So, my my palm is itching, my knees weak, my hands is sweating, I got spaghetti on my face. Something like that, right? for us boomers out there. Okay, so let's go ahead here and see what's Gucci with this. Let's go ahead and see if we can get some some things going. Okay, lick momentum. Okay, let's open this up. Okay, $10 size. Okay, and liquidation threshold. It's 975,000 right now, but I'm going to say one just so I can get the rest of this tested out. So, I'm calling my API. If you're already inside of Quant Elite, you have access to the API mundave.comlifetime. You have access to all the liquidation data. Everything that I have lifetime all access. Okay, so you can see here leverage. Okay, it's putting in a trade BTC. Okay, so let's see if that um placing buy order. Okay, that looks good. Leverage five. Okay, that looks good. Good. I have my five leverage here. Beautiful. Okay. Status. Okay. Let's go ahead and see how this does, baby boy. Let's go. Let's go, dude. Let's go. Step on the gas with me every day. Please. Come on. This is the only time. This is This is the only time to be alive, dude. This is the best time. The best thing we've ever seen. Can you shortly explain this bot strat? I'm new here. Hello. Hello. Do you have any idea how to approach this? Yeah, dude. I got a 15-minute up down bot right now on Poly Market. It got smoked though, so it's just dangerous. I don't really believe in trading crypto on Poly Market, but I think there are might be some good ideas. So, you can see waiting to fill. Okay, so that's great. We This works. Um, waiting for filled. It says filled. Okay, so we're in the position down. Okay, and then let me make sure that the close works. Okay. So, let's go ahead and say take profit stop loss. Let's make that stop loss. And that TP also 0.001. Okay. So, this should get us out of the position. This is a liquidation strategy I'm building here today. Liquidation. Liquidations. Trading liquidations between liquidations. Trading between two liquidations. trading between two licky lickies. Um, it should be taking me out now, right? [clears throat] Take profit. Stop loss. There you go. Stop loss. Position closed for stop loss at.001. 001. Beautiful. So, it just doesn't have a bunch of prints saying that. Check in position, not in position. So, we got in and out of the position. This [ __ ] works perfect. Okay, great. Now, what can I say? Hey, my name is Mundev. I believe code's a great equalizer. Damn, I'm really impressed with this already because guess what, dude? This process you just saw me do, I built three bots, three back tests, came up with three different ideas. This process right here used to take me a week, dude. A week. A week. And how much time has it been? You tell me. I don't know. I don't know, dude. But I do have a question, though. I do have one question. Lake Momentum. py has been fully tested. Can you confirm that everything the buys, the sells, the P&L close, all that good stuff is unified or not unified using the same file precisely, but similar the same entries, exits, all that. Can you make me feel rest assured that the other two bots are going to work if this one works perfectly? And then I just got to pick one. Got to pick one. You can rest assured if lick momentumbot.py works perfectly but with buys, sells, P&L close and exists, the other two will work identically. They all use the same nice funs calls, same order flow, same exit logic. The only difference are the strategy parameters and the spread waiting logic. Beautiful, dude. So, all three are ready. So, do you know what that means? It's time for me to pick one. Which one do I want to run? I think I'm going to run number three first. So, let's say 125. Finished these three. So, these two are similar. These two are similar, but the second has less lick size equals more trades. But maybe not. But maybe not. But maybe not. I [snorts] said maybe not because it is using a smaller lick size. But it's also using a wider spread. So it's like seeing the liquidations happen and then buying after 1% spread. So it has to move another 1%. And I like that because yeah, it's uh it's going to get chopped up otherwise. You can see it has 2338 trades. That's over a year and a half. So, let's see what the OG looking like. 2793 as well. No, it's 2,338. Interesting. Okay, this had 2,700 trades. All right, I'm I'm going to test all three of these, though. So, how should we test them? Okay, I'll test them right here. Perfect. Beautiful. Beautiful. Beautiful. So, I'm going to go ahead and write another note here, and I'm going to call these uh December. Okay. So, what's up, baby girl? 125 here. I've got I built three built three lakebots. Going to test them all. Okay. [snorts] Honestly, they all do well. on in the past in the past. They all do well in the past. How many are going to do in the well in the future is the question. They all have between 500 500 and like 150,000%. So, like this is legit 142,000% right here. So, that's it, dude. Um, you saw the entire process from research and let's get the bot running. Let's get the bot running so you can like we can be fully completed. And this is only 5% optimized. This one's only x%. Let's go ahead and pull the bot over here. Let's say cond activate tflow and then you're going to be able to see the full the full process. Dude, you just saw the full process in under two hours. That's insane. That's insane, dude. I've been doing this for a long time. It used to take me weeks. Used to take me weeks, be that used to take me weeks, dude. Okay, so the first one I'm running this that's V2. Okay, so let's go here. Let's go find V2. And then I'm going to upload all this to GitHub, too. Copy path. Copy path. Okay, let's go ahead and say Python. Run it. Beautiful. It's live. Now, I'm going to also upload this to GitHub right now. This is only for people in quantite or lifetime, one of those. Get add dot get commit slashm uh new lick strategies back test and bots. Okay, get push. Okay, let's push it then. Let's push it then. Come on. So, this is the lifetime pass. Uh you can see you get absolutely everything I've ever had, including that liquidation data that cost 10 G's or 18 months of your time. Uh, you can see everybody's positions. You get my private GitHub GitHub. You get my private GitHub. So, you already get the AI agent ones. Those ones are free. Let's go to the repos bees. I just updated them. I thought at least. Did I not push? Get pushed, dude. Get pushed. Get push. Get pushed. Get pushed. Get push. Get push. Get pushed. Push, get push, get push. Come on, dude. There they are. So, yeah, it's all up here and you saw the entire process. This is now going to, you can see it's fetching liquidation data. There was no liquidations in the last 5 minutes. So, it's chilling. I'll run this for, I don't know, a few days maybe, and then I'm going to test the other ones, and then essentially I'm going to test them all uh against each other. So the goal here so hypothesis is one of these three liquidation bots will do well and then later I can move into kind of a statistical arbitrage liquidation ensemble strategies where we could pick up liquidations on both sides and have a balanced book. That's just an idea, a little project I'm I'm building out. And this will take some time. As you know, you saw it took me actually only an hour and a half here today in order to build out three different bots, three back tests. I got lucky. I went three for three. That doesn't happen often. You saw the whole process. I explained the whole process. Process of automating your trading starts with the research of trading strategies. I came in today with a couple ideas in my mind. I've been writing them on my whiteboard, writing them on my notes. I watch liquidations all day. So, I watch this data all day. You've probably heard sounds on your screen. Those are liquidations coming in. Okay, that's the research, research, research, research. How'd you come up with that idea? That's from data. I'm a data dog. But you can come up with other ideas by reading a book, listening to a podcast, watching a YouTube video, just write every idea you have down. As you saw halfway through this stream, my idea was wrong, but I stumbled upon something that was better. I thought it was going to be 3 million size and it happened to be 300,000 size of liquidations. That's insane. Just like I can't trade by hand, I can't say with certainty what's going to work or what's not going to work. That's why I'll never give you financial advice. I'll never say run this, run that. But you could do anything I can do. But you could do it better, dude. Come on, lock in with me every day. The road map's here for free. RBI system. Bunch bunch of questions answered for you. Much love to you.