All right, so Cloud Code just freed up all of my computer space. You can see I can click scan here, and it's going to find all of my files over 500 megabytes. Now, I have a one tabyte computer, but I still hit the limits. So, I was hitting the limit here today with uh got an AI agent uh video project that I'm doing essentially I have five, six years of um streams where I'm showing people how to automate their trading and um I'm having agents go through and splice those up, yada yada. Anyways, I hit the 1 TBTE cap and I'm sure you've hit the terabyte cap or whatever cap you're at. And I used to use this website here and I used to just pay for it. Um, so I wanted to show you this code here. I used to use Daisy Disk. I wanted to show you this code. I've already uploaded it to GitHub if you want it, but essentially it will give you exactly what I have here. And it's essentially going to go through scan all of your files on your computer. And you could put it at minimum of X number of megabytes. I put it at 500, so I'm only getting the big ones. And then I can just select, select, select, and delete, delete, delete, and it just deletes them all at once instead of like paying for a paid service. Now, Cloud Code built this entirely. You have the idea. So, you can have her just go build it for yourself. I did used to use Daisy and other things, and you can see the pricing here is like um it's not crazy or anything. It's 10 bucks. But um I just love being able to build things that are It's free, you know? I just built it real quick and it's free. But now that I think about it, like damn, it took me like what, an hour to build this? Was that worth $10? I don't know. But now I'm giving it to you. I give you the GitHub and everything here. I'll put the GitHub in the description. Computer cleaner free up space here. So you can kind of see how it's working. It's scanning through all of my files right now. So it takes a while, but once it's done, I'll be able to delete things. This is all of the code. You can see the requirements.txt. I'll make sure that this is public. You can just type in computer cleaner free up space and then mundave and it'll probably pop up if you want to use it. But I think this is going to save you a little bit of money, save you a little bit of time. You can change it how you want to change it. You can see all the code here. Again, I don't need to go through that slow. You can screenshot it if you'd like, but you could also just go to the GitHub link in the description. I don't know about you, but I I used to hate fiddling around with like deleting this after this after this. And obviously, you don't want to pay for anything. So, here's the free version of how to delete things on your computer. Free up space. And I think every single person here has um run into this problem where they need to free up space. So, now you have this tool that I use here today. And uh you can free up space as well. You can see she's still scanning. It's a big computer. It's a big computer. Find your biggest files. Select them. Nuke them. Free up space. Now, here's the GitHub here. You can see everything that's needed. Um, I don't have a readme in there, though. That is probably something that we should add. So, let's go ahead and add a go ahead and make a short, concise read me explaining the problem this solves. You don't have to pay for a computer cleaner anymore. Uh, we just built this with cloud code in order to scan all files on my computer and then you can just select and delete them. There's a minimum megabytes so you can just only delete the big files if that's what you want, but you can adjust that. Go ahead and make this a nice read me and walk people through how to use it and then push it up to GitHub again. So, this GitHub is already live. If you do want it, go ahead and um fork it, whatever. There's no private keys. There's no Yeah, there's nothing private here. So that's why I was able to just up upload it. You know, usually I'm working with API keys or building bots or whatever. But um yeah, this one is chill. So she's going to go ahead and add a read me. She's still scanning. So you can see it does take a while. It depends on how big your computer is, but it's free. It's a free solution. And you can see it went ahead and found a bunch of stuff here. So I can go ahead and say select, delete. I could select all. Um, obviously there's some things you can add to this. Like I would like to have a be able to delete all of them within. So select and delete all within. But um yeah, dude, I think this is sick because now for the rest of my life, I don't have to worry about it. You can see three selected. I've got 138 gigabytes free, but at the start of today, I was at I only had like three megabytes left or something. Maybe maybe more than that. But I didn't have enough to continue on with this agent stuff I'm doing with the videos. So, um I think this is going to be clean and I'm excited about it. So, I wanted to get it out to you. You can see that she pushed a read me as well. So let's go ahead and refresh here. See if the readme is there. Okay. Mundes computer scanner. Stop paying for disc cleaner apps. This is free dead simple browser based tool to find and hard delete biggest files built by Mundave with cloud code under 500 lines of Python code. So it scans any folder. So you could change it to a different folder if you wanted. I just have it on my whole hard drive. Shows live disc stats. Select what you want with check marks. Hard deletes everything. Okay. And this is how you use it. So I trust that you can do this from here. You can probably just send this over to your cloud code or your AI of your choice. Much love to you and have a beautiful day.