All right, I want to introduce something for the 5-minute markets that has not been done yet by myself or probably anybody. This is HMM models, hidden Markov models. If you know Jim Simons, he is one of the best algorithmic traders in the world. Um he ran HMMs. So, I'm going to hit uh let's see here. I'm going to go ahead and hit claim here so I can have some cash back. You can see I'm down uh down today 18 bucks, but I have 505 to claim. I'm testing a ton of ideas, scaling on other accounts. Anyway, you can see 7%, 15%, 5%, 7%, 7%, 11%, 3%, 15%, 9%, 4%, etc. Uh 108% here on the women's tennis, but let's go ahead and claim this here and show you this is not financial advice. I'm not a financial advisor. There is nothing here that is um plug and play, but I can give you this idea which I think is very, very interesting. So, let's go ahead and get into it. So, what I'm going to do here is I'mma pull up my code. First, I want to walk you through this HMM. So, tell me a little bit about HMMs and how Jim Simons uses them to detect state change here and how we built into this bot um the HMM model. Be super short and concise here. Now, you can see in the top right, I do have this one bot that is a close bot that is running right now and it's looking at the close. And the last time you came to my videos, you saw big wins like 80%, 100%, 150%. But, what I just showed you now is like tiny wins, right? So, it's a whole different idea. Now, everybody wants to have 150% wins, 200% wins, but we found a bunch of wallets here. Let's see if we can find them. For example, Hitman here and um damn, I wish I could find the other ones. But, essentially, I went ahead and added to my API here, moondev.com, moondev.com/docs, a way to see all of the profitable traders on Polymarket. So, now I'm scanning this on my API and it's just a simple API endpoint and I can show you how that endpoint works. Can you go ahead and run that new endpoint and show what it looks like for the profitable traders on Polymarket and just print it out here. So, you can see I'm using cloud code for everything. I've got four different cloud codes running at all times because I think this is the best way to attack this. Speed is everything. I've been here for 5 years and I've never gone so fast because I got four different AIs working for me all day. So, Jim Simons at Renaissance Technologies uses HMMs to detect hidden market regimes. The idea that markets are always in one of the few unobservable states. They're either in trending, mean reverting, or volatile. And the math can't and the math can figure out which state you're in from observable price data even though you can't see the state directly. How it works. You feed the HMM price movements, returns, and sign changes. It learns these observations, clusters into distinct patterns, small consistent moves, trending, choppy, back and forth, and big swings. It also learns the transition probabilities. How likely the market is to switch from one state to another. That's the killer feature. It tells you if we're trending, but there's a 30% chance that we're going to flip. So, in these 5-minute markets with this new type of idea which is opposite of how everybody else is trading because we did find those wallets and we're able to see okay, well, a lot of these wallets are actually trading the close. They're not trying to make uh 100%. You can see here dashboard is running clean here. Dashboard is running clean. Here's what we pulled, 436 profitable traders here from 3,000 different wallets. So, now that I have this, I'm able to come up with all types of strategies. And that's the point. What is this doing just so you can do it from home if you want to right now? It's looking at these crypto markets and also the activities tab and it's looking at the big traders. So, you can see I have a small win here because this is a new day, a new type of strategy. Every single day I'm either researching or I'm backtesting or I'm incubating. But, this right here, you can go down to the activity tab and literally literally see who's trading what. So, essentially, what I just added to the moondev API is this. If you open these up, you can see their profiles. And if any of them are printing money, I'm able to see them on the API now. It's just one simple API call. So, this guy hasn't done anything. This guy's made $8.60. But, for example, we found this guy that's just straight printing. So, now call the API, I'm able to get all of those wallets and that's crazy. So, what I'm going to do for you here is I'm going to introduce you to this road map because you might be thinking how do I even get started with this? This road map I will give you tomorrow if you come through the live stream, the live Zoom. But, the reason you're going to want this is because number one, it shows you how to build trading bots. Uh it gives you my Discord, the frequently asked questions, my RBI system. You're always seeing me doing one of these three things cuz the process of automating your trading starts with the research of trading strategies. So, how do you research trading strategies? There's a ton of books on here, um but I'm also researching trading strategies by looking at other people's profitable traders like these guys. This guy has made 782k. This guy's made 659. So, I just go ahead and open them up and that was just called for my API. Boom, if I go ahead and open them up, I can see exactly what are they doing. Lost Macadamia, maybe not him. Uncapped image. Paste them in here, find their strategies, kind of see what they're doing. And I can go into the JSON to get more direct image of this. As you can see, there's a bunch of multiple ones. I wonder if I did this. Trader unique congressperson. Jesus. People are trolling on this. But, you can come up with ideas by just looking at other traders and seeing what they're doing. If they're profitable, boom, that's awesome. Let me go ahead and open up that JSON as well because it's adding all of these to the JSON as well. You can see here like this guy, all by myself. Okay, I have his address now and he's made $151,000. And supposedly the last maybe the last week, but I can't believe that. All by myself here. Here he is. You can see he's up 463,000. So, bringing it back to the road map here, research. You come up with ideas. Just come up with a bunch of ideas. How do you come up with ideas? You can read these books down here if you want. Or you can go ahead and just look at other traders. Like these are a ton of books if you want to snapshot them. It's all on the road map. Come up with ideas, backtest those ideas, see if they actually work in the past, and if they do, incubate them small size. So, you always see me doing one of these things, researching, backtesting, or incubating. So, I'll give you this road map tomorrow um and the reason you might want this road map as well is because I have a bunch of code from videos. So, I have a bunch of Polymarket bots on here. So, you can get all of the structural stuff, but I want to loop this back now. Now that we're running up on 10 minutes, I don't want to have this longer than 10 minutes. I want to go ahead and loop this all the way back to the HMM regime filter. Because if you have the regime filter here, this is how I am figuring out the regimes and this is what Jim Simons did. He was looking at the different regimes to see if they are trending or not. And if it's a trending market, okay, you might want to be more aggressive on the up or the down. If it's a choppy market, you might want to be less aggressive. So, I'm just scrolling through this code here so you can have access to it in this video. You don't have to pay for anything cuz the Zoom is five bucks and I know five bucks is just like so much money to come join the Zoom. I will give you all the bonuses here um tomorrow. You're going to get an API key for 24-hour access to my API. You're also going to get that road map you saw and a bunch of other goodies, but I just wanted to really explain this HMM process here today and why I think it's going to be important. I'm going to essentially now flip this out and for the rest of the day, I'm going to have that HMM bot run. So, I just go ahead and pull that up. We've worked on this what for what was it? In 3-4 hours today? And I have the bot here. Let's see. I have it written down. Yep, here it is. So, I'm going to go ahead and kill this bot that we've been running all day. It's the close bot. Now, I'm doing the 5-minute close bot HMM. So, the idea I just explained to you and the filter I just gave to you, the code, you can rewind, screenshot it, however you want. You have access to that. Now, if you go to moondev.com, there should be a link here. I'm going to update this page, so it's going to show there's a bunch of bonuses as well. So, not only are you going to get the Zoom tomorrow, you're going to get four amazing bonuses. One of those bonuses is the API key for 24 hours. Another bonus is this road map and this road map has code from videos, a bunch of different Polymarket bots, a bunch of hyperliquid bots. Uh it also has crypto data. So, there's a bunch of good stuff in here. The road map has the actual framework I follow and my book list. So, go ahead and show up for tomorrow's Zoom and you'll get all of that. But, I hope this has been very helpful for you today. I gave you some code you can copy, paste. Don't just run it, but that is a filter, so it's not like plug and play in somebody's bot. I don't believe in that because if I told 50,000 people there's a million dollars in the corner, how long would that million dollars be there? You got to build your own edge, but what I can do is continue to push 3-4-5 hours every single day. I've been doing this for 5 years and I will go ahead and make these short concise videos. Go ahead and type short video below in the comments if you do like these short tutorials. Pretty much taking my 4 hours in the day and making them 10 minutes. I'll see you in the Zoom tomorrow.