All right, so this is your one-stop shop on how to use Hermes AI in order to actually make money. I'm an algorithmic trader. My name is Mundave and I was a very early user to OpenClaw, never switched on over to Hermes. So, what I wanted to do today and bring you along with me is do my deep research on Hermes and how we can implement it to actually make money. So, go ahead and lock in here and I'll show you absolutely everything that I have figured out here and we'll uh dive in. set up the OpenClaw, but OpenClaw is good for streaming voice as well. Hermes is good for undetectable browser. You've got the camo fox that you can install, which is really good. You want them definitely if you're using Hermes. Okay, so what are you doing with it though? That's the question. I've literally I've been here for like 6 months trying to ask people what they're doing with Hermes and OpenClaw and not one person's ever been able to answer anything. [laughter] Ain't nobody ever told me anything useful to do with Hermes or OpenClaw. Hermes I'm using for marketing at the moment. Yeah, but what's that mean? Like what do you mean marketing? That's very very broad. Very very broad. Like give me some give me some good examples because then I can cook. A marketing agent will do social media marketing and analyze the results, create the post, adapt the content, etc. I'm I'm only just making it, so that's what it's doing to start. All right. I watched this video of Alex Finn. He's not doing [ __ ] with Hermes. Let's see what this guy is saying. >> I'm switching to Hermes. The vibe, the mission. That alone sold me with the idea that the Hermes agent grows with you. It's going to be better on day 30 than day one. That got me hooked. Also, because I'm tired of fixing my open call agents and I'm not the only one. This is now the fastest growing Git project. He just talked open calling over to us. this thing. >> Let's go ahead and see here. And then OpenClaw has got my crypto framework that's iterating different parameters on my crypto, killing any bots with less than 87% win rate and testing others. When it's going higher, then I'll put them to live a few weeks. Okay. So, it's paper trading is what you're saying. It can't be that good, can't is worth that yet another tool, another harness. Let's talk about I've been using it more and more and it's the only agent I felt comfortable enough with. >> How's it doing with the live stuff? Because the paper stuff is pretty much pointless. Paper trading is pretty much pointless in my opinion, but that's just my opinion. How's it doing with the lives? Fire. It's my sheerf. I'm telling you this thing is five reasons. Is it holding up that 87% win rate in live stuff or the boss I got paper training and li ones are are much different. I'm not getting knocked out my blob switch all my stuff from blob to actually the vibe the memory the fact that it learns also we're going to build our very own it Hogwarts clean troubleshooting wizard easy it's literally magic not a bit too deep I end up talking to one of the co-workers Jeffrey can you're going to hear from them too you know I'm trying so hard to not use the phrase right now I told you I would chill out on that this year but this it's something special and I don't want you burning on the tools that I'm far this one's worth your time so get strapped ready time to enter our self-improvement self-improvement present That's number four. It has to do with the skill system and it's probably the best reason on this list. But hold on. Don't go there yet. You haven't installed it yet. That's my goal with this video. You're going to walk away with her music and it's actually pretty easy. >> Don't care about installing it. Want to see you do something. By the way, if you're watching walk through the background, I think memory is the reason people switch to her instead and they may not even realize that's the reason memory in the same way with a few philosophical differences and they make all the differences in world differ. Let me show you why building I agree. Update any file including your soul to reflect this going forward. Then here's a massive prompt. Essentially, he's Rob Weasley. is following this footsteps of love of mobile technology specifically it back in description below let's see what happens not this thing I love about it shows you the tool use happening okay identity locked let's test I'm going to do new start new session here we will approve event I'll say nailed it okay so edit is still file big deal open do kept that here it is still yet but hold on let's start building a bit more I'll tell you who I am Chuck also talk to other members of my team we have issues blah blah let's tell them that I watch what happens here is going to happen I'm doing this live with you and put it in. Notice we have a memory action here and it added it to my user file. This file, let's go over real quick. We'll see the insert directory and then jump into our memory. Well, LS there and there it is. Let's this file is what her will write about you where it learns about you and it curates this on its own and that's keeping but let's keep adding this stuff. I'll give you some more information. I'll tell the network and a few other things with that information. We'll see what happens. So, we add more to the user side. Let me tell more about him. How do you type so goddamn fast? And there's the other part of the memory. He added to his memory file. Let's go back. There's a new file there. Memory. Notice the memory file is more about the environment where Ron is running some technical things. This will also be curated by agent. Now those two fix the user.md file and the memory file. They're not groundbreaking things. Open claw has these two. In fact, when you move from openclaw to her, that's part of migration is taking those files over to her. The difference is how Hermes uses these files. Now both Hermes and recall will take these files and when you start a new session with Hermes open your session the user in memory file will be loaded into the system prompt so when you talk to your agent it always has the most relevant information about you and what you're doing both do that but here's what her perm does that open call does not do well you'll feel this and this is why open call feels clunky loaded on day 30 versus Hermes actually does two things the first thing it does is it has hard limits on the size of those files the user file can only be 1,375 characters the memory file 2200 characters now why does this matter what it forces the agent to be very particular about what's going to be loaded to a system prompt number with raw and he was adding stuff to this memory and as we keep talking to him and adding more things and talking and talking and talking talking that's if so what happens when he gets full well he has to delete something he has to curate guard what actually needs to go in there what needs to go in there and that keeps the agent focused forces the agent to distill what is actually important about interacting with you and what you need and that actually matter a lot of claw which has simpler mechanisms but mostly it's going to end up loading itself over time if you don't really watch it this by default it does it without you thinking about it and it did it when I didn't realize it was doing it I got a story for you on that for a moment this is my wow moment with her the second thing it does is it nudges by default every 10 turns I believe it's every 10 turns have agent backtracking. It will run a background agent to see if anything that we've been talking about should update the memory or user line. Most agent infrastructures, including claw, only do this when you're about to compact or start a new session. This happens during the session with earnings. It's more active. This alone made it feel pretty good and it guards it over time, but they tried something else. Watch this. >> With base 44, simple sentence becomes your >> This is pretty easy. I've tried this permech and do something. If it's not, we could create it. See, that's the gift we were given to evolve, >> advance, create. >> I create my own world. >> I create my own world. I'm not going to dive too deep on this because I could be a video. In fact, I'm probably going to make a video about it. But I added this thing called Honcho. You can run a Honcho server locally or run it in the cloud. I tried it in the cloud. So, here's how this works and this is crazy. I talked to Hermes. My agent's name is James James. The message that message is also sent to Honcho. Hono the tier service. It's not it's plug that will start to reason over what I'm saying and it will start to build out what's called a tier card. Basically, who's Chuck? And it gets to know me over time as more and more messages are sent. It will start to make more conclusions and learn. But that's not the cool part. The cool part is still back to James with Honcho working in the background. When I send the message to James and the system, he's getting his user. va is system.nv file. But keep in mind these are all very important because when you're talking to whatever model it is andropic gbt it's going to start from scratch. It's a blank slate unless you fill it out with something you're talking to. So it has to fill in stuff but then also honcho is configured to go what does James need to know about Chuck right now in this moment. What content to be important based on what Chuck just asked this combo right here I can verify cuz I used Hermes for a month with this is kind of crazy. Let me show you what honcho looks like actually on the clock. Here's some conclusions made by like my daily habits or that caffy is not like spice and it builds out this peer card which I can't show you completely of my personality my traits my preferences like this one traits high friction technical procrastination gravitates towards school building wiring to avoid high stakes communication or soul work in Tokyo when you're using James I'll get it early for everyone else walk neighborhoods and just have conversations it's good I had some breakthroughs to be fair honcho is something you can actually plug into open claw as well but it's not as good it's not as much of first classes as it is with Hermes but honestly Hermes is pretty stinking great even without this edition all this is kind of scary a little Because we rely a lot on the model to learn things and selfre itself and should we allow him to do that? I understand about this. The models are smart like like get out of the way of the mon you know like they're smart enough if we let him to just figure out what it is that you want to do. So at this point we have our IT agent Ron. He knows who he is. He's ready to start working. We're about to give him some skills and actually no right. He'll he'll see the way he does. So but before we get there did you know that Hermes was around before open? You didn't know that? Me either. I was talking with Jeff the co and he told me this. So actually these agents started out as an internal tool that we wrote we started almost six to seven months ago as a tool we were using internally to like prototype this recursive self-improvement for monitoring and when open came out it was actually kind of weird like we actually already have this and kind of weren't aware of the effect it would have on the world you saw what open like we can get this out we have our own version and honestly when we tried open I mean I I hadn't used it before but some of the other people on the team are like this felt a little clunkier compared to what we had internally I love it they tried open claw and was like wow this is way clunkier than what we have let's release our version to the world because we think it's better and this is number three by the of the reason I switched from open cloud herbs. It's the people and the story behind this tool. >> We are a group of researchers who found each other because we care about making humanistic censorship free and democratic AI. >> I think that's important especially now in the day and age of AI. I think who's making the tools, why they're making the tools and what they're going to do going forward is really important for us. And knowing that her around it, it wasn't just a reaction to open that was built by AI researchers, people who are building their own models, which I don't even know that news research. They literally were just a bunch of hacker nerds in a discord training their own models which was also named Hermes. They still have the Hermes models, Hermes agents and stuff. But after talking with Jeff, I was even more convinced that this company is breakable and I'm very happy with my decision to switch to currencies. >> AI is not meant to replace you. It's meant to make you be a better version of you. A lot of what we said I can't include in this video. It's just going to be too long. So if you want to see the full interview, I'm actually going to launch it first on the Ever Academy alongside a course for building for her. I'm showing you the basics here to get you up and running and going crazy. There's a lot more you can do. Check it out link below. Okay, now on to number four. The most powerful thing that Hermes does. It's that it's the grow with you thing that everyone talks about. And on day 30 and day one, watch this. We're going to give Ron some tools, man. We're going to make Ron powerful. We're going to give him some skills, but harmonies does skills in the weirdest way. Watch. It's going to happen. Right now, he's in the host near your cloud, right? We can't talk to my IT stuff here in my studio. Not yet. We're going to use it's a VPN. It's a way to run into my stuff and it's I'll tell I need you to set up the headless client for access to my studio. Here is your key. Make it happen. Now, I'm doing this live with you. I'll do what he's going to do here. He's going to start working. He's going to start building this video. He's going to blur out my key. Done. Notice the added to his memory. Okay, cool. Now, he's heading to my network. That's cool, right? See what you can find. Oh, did you see that? Here it is. That's what I'm waiting for right here. I didn't know how to do this selfimprovement review skill to engage client operations created. Ron just made his own skill. That's the power of Hermes. It makes it own skills skill system which is sort of a part of it which is the ability for it to crystallize once it's you how you operate to take learnings um basically and crystallize them down into a like a meaningful chunk that it can then reuse. So we sort of modeled it after kind of our you know a crude version of how potentially you know we ourselves which is we struggle through things when we figure out ways that solve our problems we uh we note that down and then we iterate on those success. What how powerful is that? And that's a huge difference between open claw and hermes. With open claw it's all about finding skills and marketplace whereas Hermes is all about building skills repeatable workflows based on your interactions with Hermes. Now Hermes does have a built-in skill library that is curated by the Hermes team. One of the um prepackaged skills that we do ship is this uh GitHub PR review um that is is in there. That seal actually is like the result of technology crystized PR system. That's important because I don't know if you remember malware central cloud hub where you can download a bunch of open claw skill and the community was uploading. Yeah, there was that stuff in there. Open claw had a bunch of CDs or vulnerabilities that would get you hacked. As of this video, Hermes hasn't had anything agent related to hit yet. And I think it's because of this mentality right here. Also, it's kind of the Hermes team philosophy, keeping things very simple, but it's not just a building of skills is pretty cool. It's a self-improvement loop that I alluded to at the beginning of the video. Hermes just came out with this, a thing called the curator, which will be an agent that runs in the background periodically, and it will review the current skills. It will curate skills. It'll make sure your skills are good. If a skill is not relevant anymore, it will remove it. It will improve skills as you're working with your agent. It actually moves skills through an active scale and an archive state. And it exists that skills created via the self-improvement loop. Don't pile up forever. And by the [clears throat] way, until loop, this is the mentality for when agent will create skills. How cool is this? Now, I want to do a call back on a video I made on Plexi computer. And one of the things I said in that was that a terra is the IT painkiller. Remote monitoring and management, remote access, help desk, because I couldn't change too much with computer. I couldn't tinker with it too much. I was able to just be creative and actually use it instead of sharpening my apps all the time. Means while I can tweak it, it's certainly tweetable. It's less. It also just kind of works and does it own thing and figures things out. Allow me to just work with it. Tell it to do things and it figures it out. in the same vein. And I think that's why it's so successful for most people. Like what Jeff said, we're kind of just getting out of the agent's way. >> Yeah. Get out of the way of like them and like let the models be smart. Basically, just give them the hand the model is the brain, right? We just need to give it the hands, the feet, the fingers to touch the world in an appropriate way. And then once it has that haptic feedback really, that's what it is. Like the is the haptic feedback to the model of the world. It's a weird thought, but it works. Go back to Ron. He found a bunch of stuff. He wants to do a deep research. Go for it, dude. Now, while Ron's doing that here, I'm going to go talk to Ron in uh start here. And let's do something fun. Built into Hermes is a home assistant skill. I use home assistant to run my studio. Let's make some things happen. I'll th it first. It's disabled by default. Brilliant. The home assistant wanted to switch on. I love the way he talks. Then you give him the IP addressing key. Let's see what he does. And look at that. He's figuring things out. Save it to his memory. Okay. Let's Let's test it. Turn it off. Can you turn off Chuck? See what happens. [laughter] Yes. So, you turn it on and make it blue. Also, I'm talking to run two different places and it's doing different things. Yes, >> he did it. >> Oh, this is fun. One more thing. We have automatic blinds in there. They're all open. You can do this. >> There's one. >> Hey, there. I told you it is magic. I brought some UI access. Should we give it to him? Yes. Let's see what happens. I notic this is this is what I learned from the uh Hermes team. >> Rather than the humorous being like I know exactly all the skills or I know exactly all the things you need like the models are smart like like get out of the way of the models, you know, like they're smart enough if we let him to just be figure out what it is that you want to do. >> I don't have to bring on this fully onboarded IT admin with skills that I created and everything. No, I just bring on like a person and say, "Hey, you need to manage this thing. Go look at it. You need to manage this thing. Go look at it." He'll figure it out. This is the IT admin I was looking for. Yes. See, I'm getting you UniFi credits now while you're waiting. Oh my god. Uh, research everything you can about UniFi. So, you are ready to go. Not only this, I'm not pointing these things out because they're not new things to agent world, but it can delegate tasks. It can do sub agents. It's a fully functional agent harness. I'm just honing in on the main things that make it awesome. Also, you can interrupt, steer, or Q messages. So, right now by default, it would interrupt. Oh, what was this Q and say here is your UniFi API key already inventory real get very far using the password but self-improvement here that Unifi network operation skill user account we'll come back to this we'll see how far it goes we got to move on to number five this one it's just funny because it goes back to the idea that openclaw is kind of fun it was this stuff a little buggier compared to what we had internally that was my experience when I initially saw open claw I was like oh this is so cool it's so powerful I don't know about you but over time it kind ended up degrading and it would break and how they would break it or it just wouldn't respond. Be like, "Hey, are you there? Are you a wage?" It became super frustrating. It wasn't a thing I wanted to give out to my wife or my friends and family. It was one of those things where you kind of be an IT person that knew how to troubleshoot it because it was a project. That's how open call feels. Feels like a project whereas Hermes feels more like a product. And I got to tell you, I've been using it. I I could have made a video a month ago about this, but I wanted to do this. I wanted to actually just see if it's cool. I haven't had I don't think I have one issue. Nothing I didn't cause myself. And my wife is having a great time talking to her friend Honey, who was helping her with homeschool and diet planning and and just managing the house for six kids. Yes, we have six kids. six options in case you didn't realize it was >> Dan. So Hermes is better than OpenClaw is what he's saying. It doesn't break as much. Jane says, "If I was setting up more Agents Moon, I'd definitely go for Hermes, but I definitely have Cameo, but I would definitely have Camo Fox and Browser Hornness on it because that makes it really powerful." [snorts] Okay, that's interesting. I'll jot those down. Got to be honest, Open Claw and Hermes breaks. >> Hermes just doesn't break. The team behind this, they're AI engineers. And I think that's important and their mentality behind this matters. They're not just going to add a bunch of features to make it bloated or to compete with somebody else. And sure, it has pretty much feature parody with claw. It just doesn't allow a bunch of things that shouldn't be there. They have a philosophy. Get out of here. [laughter] >> Learn so that we can earn baby ear. I think we would be at a point where we could have AGI what matters the most in help is using the right parts tweaking the tools around it to make it awesome because OBS 47 GBT 55 I mean those things are good and when you use something like Hermes with it you really start to realize oh my gosh you can do a lot more if you want to hear more about the philosophy behind Hermes I talk to the co-ounder for a while should be live right now on the academy now beyond number five Hermes is shipping features like right now there's if you want to do this by the way we'll also have that in the course show you so many things here check this out get in here and look at your skills and plugins you can add more agents more profiles add more models you can have a models Or you can have one big model that does your main thinking but maybe you have another one that does research or one that's dedicated to delegation. They have achievements which is kind of fun. Look at this again is so awesome. Let them cook agent autonomy. One of the most powerful things they released recently is combine. You can actually set a task like create me as a Pokémon card. Use my make it HTML page. Make it look awesome. I'll set the default profile. We'll create it. What if you could claim a stake on what's said to be the biggest >> what if IPO ever starting with just $500? Everybody's talking about Elon Musk. >> And there it goes. >> What if I could trade that right now? >> See the progress. You can add comments. It will stop and ask for human input that needs it. And it got blocked because my usage limit the picture. Also, they just came out their own computer use which allows them to control your computer. It's still preview. But they're moving things along. It's very exciting. Fanboy. I'm being honest like it's it's fun. I like the vibe. I like the people. I'm not sponsored by them, but I think they're really cool. Let me know what you think. Like try earnings and you can run open armies. You can do your open call migration. You can do your test. I can Are you going to convert? Let me know in the comments below. That's all I got. I'll catch you guys next time. Hey, you made it to the end of the video if you're new here. >> All right, so Hermes looks solid. Jane says she'd use it over open claw um if she was launching more agents, but the question is why isn't she launching more agents? Hermes zero to personal assistant could be cool. Ultimate beginner's guide. $8 a month reduction. Hermes might have killed OpenClaw. Five ways I make money with Hermes agent. There we go. >> Most people install Hermes agent and then ask it random questions. That's not how I would do it. If I wanted Hermes to pay for itself, I would treat it like a junior operator, not some magic money printer, not some trading bot that secretly makes me rich while I sleep. A junior operator that can research, monitor, draft, remind, summarize, and help you move faster. So, in this video, I'm going to show you the five ways I would actually try to make money with Bur agent. Let's get started. The internet is full of make money with AI videos, and I've made a ton of them as well, but most of them are either too vague or just a little bit fake. They tell you to start an AI agency, to sell prompts, to build a bot, to automate a business, and somehow money magically appears. But that is not how most of this works. Does not remove the need for a real offer for your business to have a real offer. It does not remove the need for you to figure out distribution. It does not remove the need for you to talk to customers. What it can do is remove a lot of the repetitive operator work that happens in the background around the real opportunity. That is the frame that I'm going to be taking around this video. I'm not going to give you five fantasy businesses. I'm going to give you five workflows where Hermes can create real leverage around something people already pay for. The first way I would make money with Hermes is lead generation and outreach. In fact, which is one of the first ways we started deploying Hermes uh over at Unfundable >> lead genen, huh most >> boring one I know which usually means it's typically the most real one. Every business needs more customers. Agencies need leads. Consultants need leads. B2B founders need leads. Freelancers even need leads. The problem is that lead generation is a very extremely repetitive task. You have to find accounts, qualify them, understand what they do, find the relevant angle, write a message, follow up constantly and track the replies across all for is useful here because it can act like a research assistant and a follow-up operator, not as a spam machine to go ahead and send millions of messages and that distinction matters. The bad version would be you telling her send a thousand generic AI emails. The good version is find 50 companies that match this profile. This profile being your ICP, your ideal customer profile. explain why each one might need this offer. >> Most people don't know this, but one of the better ways to build a business online right now is not drop shipping, Amazon FBA, affiliate marketing, all those other competitive methods every specific. >> Damn, Moonab, can you upgrade? No, I'm not paying twice. >> Okay, so this would be the first prompt that I would give it. Find 25 B2B companies in crypto, SAS, or creator tools that look like they could benefit from short form content system. here. Make sure that you put your industry or your service or offer instead. For each one, capture the company name, website, what they sell, why they might need content, and one personalized outreach handbook. Do not send anything. Put the research into a table and draft three message variants for review. That last part is important. Do not send anything automatically. Let Hermes research and draft. You review and you send. That is a real service workflow. If I were starting from zero, I would sell this as a done for you prospecting system for agencies and for founders. The offer is not AI outreach. The offer is I will build you a weekly pipeline of qualified leads with custom opening angles. That is much easier to sell. You always want to sell the outcome. The method of deployment, your customer doesn't care how it gets done. They care that it gets them. Let's move on to number two. The second way is content research. This is one I actually also have to use constantly. Creators and founders do not just need more content. They need better angles. They need to know what is worth, what competitors are doing, what titles are breaking out, what keywords are rising, and what topic is worth filming before everyone else copies it. Is perfect for this because research is not just one task when you break it down. Think about it. Research is an entire loop that repeats every single time. I mean, you have check competitors, check YouTube, check X, check keywords, check comments. Turn all of that information into a breach, then repeat every single day. And this is the second prompt, right? Act as my YouTube research operator. Find 10 recent videos in the AI Asian niche that are outperforming their channel average. For each one, capture the title, channel, views, upload date, hook, >> says, maybe Hermes can be the crypto I always wanted. Let's get it. >> Likely work and how I could without return to top three ideas I could film this week. [clears throat] This is a very simple dumb down version. If you want the full agent set up for that, I literally have that video on my channel and I source that agent so you can literally download it and send it to your agent. And this right here can become a service. In fact, we have turned it into a service. We've created a platform called founder funnel where we surface the top trends in founders niches so that they can react to them and help guide them to create more better targeted content that speaks directly to their ISP. And you can sell that to founders who post on X. You can sell it to creators who need YouTube ideas. You can sell it to agencies who need trend research for clients. And because Hermes can run recurring jobs, this does not have to be a one-off report. >> I think I might hate the name of Hermes actually. >> And that is a real productized system. >> Okay. >> The third way is a trend scout. This is similar to content research, but more real time. >> Openortunities because they see the trend a little too late. A topic pops up on X, a model drops, a competitor video starts ripping, a founder says something controversial, or a new tool launches. If you see it in the first hour, you can post a reaction from a short write a thread or record the quick video. If you see it 3 days later, then you're just late. The conversation has already moved on to something else. Hermes can monitor the services you care about and send you opportunities in real time. Here's the prompt. Every morning at 8:00 a.m., check X, YouTube, Hacker News, and AI news sources for topics related to AI agents, claw code, open call, Hermes, and AI automation. Obviously, here change the sources depending on where the sources live in your specific industry. Maybe your industry is different than mine. Then change the things that you're looking for in your industry. What keywords specifically intrigue you in your industry? [clears throat] Then, but only send opportunities that are fresh and relevant and action. >> That's the question I have. Can you use claude with Hermes or do you have to use like a Chinese model or something? You can and you can't use it for the other or open claws. Interesting. Yeah, I think Clawbot was about the best, but Anthropic didn't like that, did they? I think that's terrible because they shouldn't be able to determine or discriminate on copyright against Claude. Yeah, they're like copyright kings, you know. >> For each one, include the source, why it matters, and the recommended response format and draft. This is valuable because speed is money and content. If you're a creator, this helps you grow. If you're an agency, this helps you find and attract clients earlier. If you're a founder, this helps you join the conversation before it becomes saturated. This is one of the cleanest ways to use her because the agent is not replacing your taste. It is increasing your surface area. It is helping you find opportunities. You still decide what is worth sharing, what is worth reacting to. The fourth way is also the most dangerous if you position it wrongly. So, I'm going to be very clear. I would not start by letting an AI agent trade with real money on autopilot. And I'm saying this as someone who has let AI agents start trading money, real money on autopilot. That is how people get wrecked. >> A lot of my AI agents got wrecked very early on. The useful version is a research and alert agent or even a testing agent that plays around with paper money. Poly markets and prediction markets have a lot of signal. There's a lot of places where you can find real leverage. Market prices change, volume changes, news changes, narratives change. [clears throat] The hard part is not clicking buy or sell. The hard part is noticing when something is worth looking at. And that is where Burmese can help you. This is what that prompt would look like. Monitor these poly market categories for unusual movements. Crypto, elections, AI, sports, and macro. You can change these depending on the markets you want to monitor. Do not place trades when a market moves more than 8% in 24 hours or volume spikes unusually. Send me a brief of the market link, current price, possible reason for the move, related news, and what I should verify before taking any action. Now, a couple of things you can you can customize to >> what it's going to be, who you going to be, >> how you're going to do it. >> Just decide >> and then from that point, the universe is going to get out your way. It's it's water. It wants to It wants to move and go around stuff, you know? >> Wants to move and go around stuff, you know. be or you can customize how much of filter you want. Here with 8% movement in 24 hours, you're going to get a lot of notifications. You're going to get spammed a lot which might arguably reduce signal. You might have analysis process. So you can up this you can put this if there's a 25% change in 24 hours then notify me and you can also change the time frame. So 25% in one hour like holy moly. So those are the things you can customize. >> Holy moly moly. that can become a product, a paid alert system, and I know a lot of them, a private research feed, um, a newsletter, a Discord bot or Telegram bot, a consulting workflow for people who already trade. But again, the money is not in pretending the agent can predict the future. The money is in making research faster, cleaner, and more consistent. If you guys want a full video on this one, I've made plenty not specifically on uh the research part but more so on the entire enchantic trading law journey because the direct API site is easy for reading data but real trading and positioning a bot with very good guard drills is extremely difficult a lot more difficult it is just make it functional you need off wallets approvals balances order signals risk controls and a lot of different safety checks. So, if you're interested in videos like these, there's a ton of them in my channel. Make sure to check them out. The fifth way, and my personal favorite, is client ops. This is probably the most underrated one. Every founder has the same problem. Way too many messages, way too many follow-ups, way too many promises made in calls. Too many small admin tasks that are not hard, but still need to happen and take a lot of your time. Can help here because it sits close to the communication layer. I mean, it can help you summarize. It can help remind you of things. It can create follow-up tracks for you. It can keep track of recurring client details that are very easy to miss. It can turn messy conversations into next steps or next actions. And here's the fifth and final prompt. I just finished a client call. Turn these notes into a clean follow-up message, a list of actions, owners, deadlines, and reminders. Save the durable client preferences in memory, but do not save temporary task progress as of memory asking before sending anything externally. This is not as flashy as AI makes money while I sleep, but it is the kind of workflow businesses actually pay a ton of money for. A founder does not always need a robot that builds a whole company. Sometimes they need an operator that makes sure nothing falls through the cracks. And if you can build that system for a founder, an agency or even yourself, there is real money and real leverage in that. So those are the five ways I would actually try to make money with Hermes agent and a lot of the ways I have personally made money with my [snorts] Hermes agent. Let's talk lead genen and outreach. We have content research. We have X and YouTube trends scouting. We have poly market and trading alerts. And finally, we have client ops for founders. Notice the pattern. None of these rely on some fantasy. They all attach her needs to a real business function. Whether it's research, whether it's sales or content or >> All right. Sick. Y'all ain't doing nothing new, huh? >> The Japanese mosquito device that's banned in three countries is finally legal in America. this simple but brilliant trick you can do tonight to alone Hermes agent just got a massive free upgrade and it turns your AI agent into something that can actually browse the web work for you. I'm talking about booking things, finding leads, tracking dates, filling out forms, all done by your AI agent, Hermes automatically whilst you're not even at your computer. This works because Hermes now has access to a free library of 250 browser skills skills built for the biggest websites on the planet and your agent can now use any of them the moment you ask. And in this video, I'll show you the exact the exact amount. I'll show you the one thing you have to do first because most people set up wrong and then wonder why their agents keep getting stuck. So stay with me because by the end of this you're going to have a browser agent workforce running for you 247. Let's go. There's a brownie. [snorts] I need some alpha, bro. I need some alpha from these Hermes. I ran doubles down on Bitcoin. Yeah, I don't trust any of these people. Is this Hermes agent full tutorial installation plus use cases? Not too interested in the setup. That's pretty easy. I feel like I want to see some fire. I just don't see any fire yet. I mean, okay, a lot of fluffy fluffs, but I guess if somebody finds Alpha, they're not going to just share it. They're not all as nice as your boy. Hermy's agent is blowing me away. The new open claw, yada yada. See if there's anything for a trade in. Feel like researching's good. I mean, using the new Hermes agent to track poly market smart money. I'll give you a shot, buddy. Boy market is transparency. You can see what every trader is doing, including every profitable trader strategies, but the problem takes forever to their trades, but I don't have time to do that. So, I set up a new to what the most profitable traders are doing. >> Here we go. Breakthrough. >> Come on. Hi. So if you're new to the channel and want to try agent if you haven't heard of agent that's blowing up right now it has already so I get everyone's using it and it's very easy to set up. So if you haven't used these agent before they're a massive boost to productivity how they work is you set them up on your computer you talk to them they can go do a wide variety of tasks for you and sell more. So the first difference I've noticed agent is that while I've been using it for the last month it's hard to know exactly what it's doing. you talk to it and you don't really know if he's using this tool or open a brow ber I really like a person actually tells you exact traders finding their strategies they actually when I gave it a go do this first one it goes and it tells you exactly so you can see your browser snapshot this thing it's very nice because if it get stuck where you don't really know where it get stuck because agent is telling you all the story it's easy to see where it might get stuck or where it's going to do something you don't the second major difference between a local is that agent is way better at learning improving discovery so get stuck on things or you tell it what to do again. There's not very good memory wise for agent from what I've seen so far or less is much better at that. So it will actually if you prompt in a skill it will actually build skills and update skills over time and the reason why is because a lot of times that from what I found with the last month it gets confused and aging. So connecting different tools and different sites and things like that together agent is more understandable but I think it does a better job at operating point. So if you're looking to get started with it, it's actually super easy and they have a demo here right. So you go to news research. So go to news research website. You can see here one command. This is actually easy to get started which I found surprising. All I did is I copied those problems. Maybe it's easier now. But this one actually get started in literally like five minutes. Super fast. And you do this is you run this script and then you choose your model and then you just really the thing can be done in five 10 minutes even if you haven't done this before. Just as a tip I had to use within because I tried using mills which I think maybe goes really something I'm not sure but if you're going to use it and you're running it try sign. So as far as how I got set up to actually send me these wallets and the strategies actually just hold it up here what to do and so I just let one person say okay you go and then I said um actually do this make the ones that are the first ones on your monthly prof because I was interested in smaller strategies at first and actually shows you what it's trying to do in real time and then finally have response. So as far as how you actually get this thing to do for you like for example year one actually just was talking I said go to the daily leaderboard to the first user under see if we can do anything first and like I said before the great part is actually shows you all of the steps so you know exactly and then you can see here actually how I got to send the messages over time. So I said send the update every 15 minutes. So I also asked it like hey how do you actually do this and then it came together with this little strategy this special I don't know file and then it's I fig to do in terms of lead and then I have it set up and then I set up a task which runs every now and it sends me those new addresses every seven minutes with that writer and so you can see here it says like job update and then before I was doing every 15 minutes but I wanted to see more because it was working so well and so then I said every seven minutes and it just updates it according to these things you just go through the journal like you talk English all the times and it doesn't ask for so back to our SPS right here so this is I really like I've been actually like one of the strategies they came up with. But this one's saying that basically they use pricing as guests to figure out to figure out whether to enter and also to exit as the market actually opens to the morning. And so you can see this guy's about 25 grand. They literally just find stuff all the time. And so this is a very interesting strategy. I'm going to try testing out and see if it works. So I have a bunch of these this all these wallets and I plan on using all this information and trying to back test and try these strategies. This is just one thing to do. You can obviously have a million different things you can do these agents like agent for your trading. part is that they sit with you because their memory is so so pretty that if you tell them to do something and then you want to use that task when you want to strategies you want to know how to create while we're then we know how to do these tests teach. So very excited to try this out for the next week especially try to paper at least in about saying how the actual strategies work and also how agent did work as we'll see in a week but if you've used her agent let me know it mostly is the last week or two and a lot of people are improving it and learning how to use this even better >> break this useful com >> breakout hyperlid [clears throat] alltime high. See if we can close above it. >> Space 44 super agent. >> All right, let's see what else we got over here. >> Make a choice. Just decide what it's going to be, who you're going to be, how you're going to do it. Just >> decide. >> And then from that point, the universe is going to get out your way. It's like it's water. It wants to It wants to move and go around stuff. >> It wants to move and go around stuff, you know. You know, Hermes agent versus OpenCloud yada yada. Hermes agent zero to personal assistant. Okay. Hermes money. All you [ __ ] heads are talking about [ __ ] random [ __ ] Sloppy Doppy Doppy. Five ways I make money. I gave Hermes agent a phone number. New agent Hermes 3.0. yada yada. I main cold outreach with Hermes. I want less people in my life, not more. Um, Hermes agent plus perplexity. Hermes plus hyper frames. Hermes just got 10x better. Hermes just got 10x better. How to automate investing research. This could be interesting. >> Supposed to investors using AI doing wrong. They open up tax and they type should I buy. They get a generic answer the time and they research. That is not an edge. That is just noise with extra checks. The investors that are putting real alpha out on chat bots. They're [ __ ] real agents. Agents what they do the market drop a research briefing in their phone. And the one that's changing the game right now is heavy agent with fraud running under the hood. In this video, I'm going to walk you guys through exactly how to get this from scratch. And I'll show you this slick and chron jobs you can use to automate your stock research, your crypto research, monies, and al hunting all running 24/7. One of the [snorts] first things you need to do is essentially get yourself BBS. Now, BBS is essentially a bunch of private servers that can run your AI agent for you in the cloud 24/7. So, it's so this is what looks like. So, for me, this line >> now watch this install stuff. So, it knows the kind of files that you like. It's basically like memory t except you're giving your agent your profile and the kind of things that you want to see. So for me I'm going to give it of course my risk attack which is me as a side my active positions that I'm already having my watch list. These are things that I'm going to be of course actively looking at things I might be wanting to invest in and of course my time is a short term and of course I said I do not want gener opinions. I want data price and onchain signals yada yada yada and of course the style I said be direct signal on the background noise. This one is really important models to y about a lot of nonsense and of course all output clear bullet points always include source link explicitly never overstate the picture. The reason we want to include this one in the models persona is because models will sometimes say this is 100% reason this is that that's that and with investing stocks research crypto in any kind of asset class especially when dealing with MLMs you want to make sure that the model isn't overconident because one judgment and maybe make the wrong decision and of course make sure you're doing your diligence on whatever it is that you might be wanting to think about investing in of course you can't just blindly take an advice but it's always good to have that embedded into your desktop another thing I do add often all the time as well I'm actually just going to make this change now is no over complicated jargon explain like I'm 12 and the reason I actually put the explain like I'm But often times what these elements are trying to do is output walls and walls of text. Sometimes I'll use complex things. Just say it simply so I be able to get the most amount of concise information. Not only is this going to save you time, it's going to save you amount of tokens. So here I'm just going to copy this. And so what I'm going to do is I'm going to say, "Hey Lloyd, I'm just going to say hey agent just to get active just agent. I'm going to say add this to your sol. Add this to your sid." And I'm just replacing this stuff, right? Basic text enter. And so here you can see fl is actually going into files and it's reading the current root MD. It's just a traditional blank file. And then here you can say to append this to the existing MD or just replace it with your own. So I'm just going to ask anything it needs. So it's basically just going to you know add that. So of course this is where you want to fill out your values. So for me my current positions are going to be like video, Google, Bitcoin, um let's say one of my watch list is RKB. So of course what this will do is this will just prompt you to enter your stuff. So here you can see essentially these are just my positions my watch list RKB and the quantum sector in stocks. But now you can see it basically has all the information it needs. So when it's going to fetch that data it's going to fetch the relevant things. And of course you can search for anything but this is just something that's super important for now. We got that update. You can see it's updated and it's now going to prepare that memory. So this is just going to save us time when it comes to future stuff. So now it says done. Let's say everything. Now the best thing about her agent is it ability to do multiensic research. There is so much you can do. But I've distilled it down to two main things. Okay. Well, four main things, but I'm going to start with one. So it's mainly stock research and of course crypto research. So what I like to do is I like to start with the stock research pipeline. So for me, I have this detailed skill which essentially has two main prompts. I've got one that's kind of like a broad sweeping overview and the second one. It actually uses aation to actually find out. So this one essentially says you're my daily stock market analysis where for the current price moves on whatever your stock is. You already have your stop. Fine. Then of course market context or whatever you need. Of course S&P 500 D is going to be completely based on what you need and of course top three market news stories from the last areas to buy different sectors focus. So what this drag does is it basically allows you to get research every day tailored to you that's absolutely worth it. Okay. So I'm going to copy this and what I'm going to do is I'm going to paste here and then I'm just going to enter. And so now it will go ahead research and then you can get back to do remember guys if you want this to find daily all you need to do is just say to add a front job. Okay. And it will literally do this every single day. So here you can see it actually gives you the option to run this daily as a job. Thinking about going solar but not sure whether it's worth it for your home? Well, before you get close, there are three things you need to know about going sol. Of course, if you have this connected to your Telegram, this is just going to be super super useful. So, I'm literally just going to say run it once now. I'm actually not going to say run with Chronob because I don't need to run just yet cuz I already have jobs. But I'm just going to wait for this. And of course, you can see it's going to just run all the code that need to do. So, you can see it's giving us all of this information and it only took around 2 minutes. So this is super useful because often basic research agents like Lord I've seen time and time again that the research that they do is just not good enough and I test a lot of research agents because I literally have to use the app every day as part of my job. So here you can see is you can see it says add enough and it gives us immediately this toxic says RKLB exploded 345. Also you can see it gives me a section of my disc. So this is super useful. You can see it gives me RLB. You can see >> Yo Art, what up bro? >> Art's up in here. The Hermes the Hermes the leader of Hermes here. What are you using Hermes for bro? What type of things? I'm doing some deep research today on Hermes and looks pretty easy to set up. Looks like it's a little bit better, but 777 to you. Thank you for coming through. Be very curious to hear more from you about how you cook with it. >> Because of course, like I said, you always of course it says, you know, always verify price. It says macro tape or pro. Now, remember, of course, you can see it always gives me the English speak. So, if there's anything that I don't even understand, imagine there's a condensed term. Of course, if you're trying to use these tools, you don't want to, you know, hear all of that conf. You want to see those over noise. So, sometimes you might want to pay attention to some values. I know some people hold the NASDAQ, some people hold the S&P 500, some people want to focus on the 10 year treasury. You can see it says risk on yield fell, which is good for multiples, dollar weekend, which is good for risk assets, Bitcoin quantities, and the NASDAQ led on tape. RLB winners broke out. The only nervous know is geopolitical. Oil is beating in the Middle East with escalation while everything else rallies. The tape is ignoring geopolitical now. Y. And of course, it gives me my sectors. So, of course, I actually have these sectors because they're the ones I'm paying attention to. So, AI is you know, semi quantum space. And so it says the Apple deal yada yada. I'm not going to get too much into this. The point here is that this is your brief. Okay, this is your overall market overview that I like. Okay, now this is of course very surface level. I still think this is very good because of how agent is, but I'm going to show you guys how I make this even better and the kind of R that I use and of course the skills that I installed into my agent to make this even better. Now let's actually take so daily alpha. So for me, I sometimes don't just want to know what the daily news is. I want to know what daily alpha is. So for this one, the opt look different, but it's more about what is moving and why and if there's any edge that I can find. So essentially I ask it to so essentially for this one you can see here that I've broken this down so it gives me the most hour possible. One of the first things I want to do is I want to understand why is flowing. So I say what are the most volatile stocks in the past few hours what moved the most and was there you know news earnings analyst upgrades downgrades that either justify it or justify it and I basically said explain what is moving and why. So this basically gives you a good market reason for why the market is that way and then basically I then follow up with if a stock is moving with no news label as suspicious check for unusual volume option activity social media hype or inside buying and if there is sympathy or possible lack of joy. Secondly, what I'm looking here is if there is any inside buy. If you see a stock pumping 10 20% with no real news or analyst, it could be a move that signals insider buying, people positioning themselves for the move or if a stock is moving down, that is also the same thing. I want to see if there's any relations. So, of course, I'm going to have the top market news stories in the last couple hours. And not only does this give me you know information on exciters doing how stock market is moving which sectors liquidity is you know flowing into what this gives me is options for trading because oftent times you will see areas of where positions that are just completely overextended areas that declines below and that's going to give you an option as well for market opportunities for me this is something that you like. Now of course with your sole memory remember it's going to focus on areas that you say you need to make sure you set up. So, of course, it's going to give me the sentiment tracking Twitter investors headed to. And currently, I can't actually search Twitter, but I've got a skill that I'll show you guys how to install where you actually will be able to search Twitter. And so, of course, it says 2G watch. It says find three stocks maybe setting up for a trade or research 2 today and explain the catalyst charts might matter. So, this is super useful because rather than going out doing all the research, this is your stock market alpha. So, this is going to give you alpha where you can position yourself in the market. Now, this is of course very short-term, but it still shows you stocks are dropping below key levels so that you can definitely position yourself. Now, you can see this actually gave me more information. So this is why I like this so much because the way that hutation research is that is this AI that's pulling Google uh you know information. It's actually spooling up multiple a in parallel and they're going ahead and they're actually using multiple different APIs to actually browse the web humans and they're doing a lot better research for a fraction of course than most research descriptions like deep research that's super expensive. So here you can see it says your daily algorith so it shows me a lead signal and then it gives me the biggest moves and gives me RTL once again Intel 14% 15% and of course gives me AFD now shows me also what is moving down. You can see here there are tons of stocks that are moving down and you can see you know those areas that are you know key areas that maybe I want positions and this is of course just basic take a look this is gives us this is so it says cardtyics 55% in trading volume flow no fresh news wise/ contributor verify on trading point so you can see here these kind of stocks are going to be giving us areas where maybe we can position ourselves trade maybe there's something more that we can tra you know do some more research you can see it says general rule of thesis when a sub $1% with no filing no PR analysis no suspicion social medics position size accordingly skip so you can see all of these ones that you know having plus 50% volume this is your use and you can see here the top three news marks most likely by market impact so this huge report the intel apple >> 1.51 so overall gives a bish market time and you can see here this immediately gives us all the information we need and of course in area number five it gives us three RLB we can have a pullback play which is not going to chase so we already know that isended I'm not saying that it's able to clearly see that there is a bit of heighted run up here and we know that anytime there's usually a height run up there's always pullback for that further But indicates that you don't have to manually go into the charts to see this. You have your agent telling you look this is a potential opportunity. So we know that maybe you know pulls back to this level that could be nice entry or just even >> it's called machine learning. >> So you find >> things that are predictive you might guess oh such and such should be predictive might be predictive and you test it out on a computer and maybe it is maybe is you test it out on long historical data and uh price data and other things and then you add to the system this if it if it works and if it doesn't throw it out. >> What did I miss? >> What did I miss? >> I'll send you the replay. It matters because this is a rotation away from a trade. If you believe the narrative shift in this business expression and of course al firms yada yada yada the risk there's already 10% earnings hot money chasing valuation being a weak commercial segment that can hard. So this is of course the most sustainable right now if you're not in it watch it as a set proxy for the AI news. So of course you can see that this is super super useful in terms of the alpha position because small to watch we got good positioning for Monday in terms of three opportunities of course guys always change this to five six seven depending on how aggressive you pull it but this is something that's super useful. Now, something else that I really want to do that a lot of people don't realize is that her agent doesn't have Twitter scraping capability. So, what I did was you come over to the her basically all you need to do is just copy this. Okay, just copy this. Um, and essentially what you need to do is just essentially ask a do here is I'm going to say note my API key here and I'm just put my API key. I will delete this video. So, API actually has this X scraper and so what it allows you to do is actually search Twitter like Twitter basically blocks people out searching because there's too many bots problem. So, what this does, if you just go to pricing, it's actually free, you get five free to spend on your own actors. So, if you want to test this out, you can do that. So, for me, um, I've actually got just a free. I think I've upgraded to 2019. I'm using this daily, but once you log in, essentially just come over to settings. So, say your account, whatever, hover over to API integrations, then get your uh code. So, for me, I'm just going to copy this. Just copy this code. Just hit copy button. Essentially, this is API. So, I'm going to copy this. I'm going to say take note my key. Just going to paste this text. And then what I'll do is I'll just copy this because it's basically the same active thing. This is the same thing. So all this going to do is it's just going to allow me to script toilet. So I'm going to just past text. I'm going to say of course enter. And of course now it's basically just going to add that as a tool. So it can script twist. So I'm just going to wait for it to say before key let me load the right doc install this in the right way. So of course right now you can see it's installing and it's basically just going to put your key in the environment. So you can put the key in your environment another way but I'm trying to keep this tutorial as pos. So here I'm going to do allow for the session. Once again I'm going to do allow for the session. Okay. So you can see that it now just basically excluded this plugin. So this requirement is super useful because I found that of course a family agent doesn't have this native installed and most agentic search system even if you use claw direct chat most of them don't have practical that's why I bu this cuz I was like my name workflow is yellow it's not pulling the data I need so all you need to do now is essentially just ask it pull some tweets from Twitter on RTLB regarding price do they think it goes higher or low now what it's going to go do is fetch that and I think it's really useful in terms of just pulling that real like I can say pulling by the direct tool so now you can see here it gives us a bunch of different tweets put in the book so it's saying wall street analyst upgrades is real Multiple different price target window 868 of course you see a bunch of tweets out here the macro framing this is part of space squeeze into the space x the same buckets as this line you can see it also has the amount of lights it has so it's not just putting some small small tweaks of course has individual seats it says the text exist but they're just not getting the engagement the quality argument is what we look like so this is why I say I use board because gold as well if you're really thinking about how you're going to be using the agent in terms of the kind of data that you're going to be getting is able to analyze language probably better than any other model which is why I like it the best. So you can see it says Rocket Lab traded a 75 sales while burning 320 million in zero cash. Here's why this values and it does say the zero show but the math is the cleanest skeptic argument out there. And it says support fair value model and this guy repeatedly flagging RTLB at 50% of the downside fair value 39 versus market posted multiple times across days consistent one-off even acknowledging it's expensive. RLB is a monster is overvalued yes but it's absolutely worth premium and nobody's arguing that's cheap and someone said I tried $100 time taking profits at $100 is a sell is a tell. So you can see here even if you want to reload that you can see short-term you know momentum is good medium term you can see and long-term use information as you can literally see it's basically saying look wait for a pull back to $93 to 95 retest zone is the most rational entry if the sentiment stays hot then the dip remember guys when I said when you look at the chart okay what value is that right there okay if we literally just go into the one hour chart we draw out some basic support areas >> hermes arena what is that area live what is it please don't be a scam Please don't be a scam. Please don't be a scam. Hermes arena.live. Three updates worth a glance. I already know that [ __ ] bro. arena like you did, but a little bit more advanced. Um, let's see here. We just wrap all boxes. >> I don't know what it is. So like a trading arena. Every agent in arena is okay. Portfolio like nice, dude. De Guardo. 24. Okay. Okay. Box. There we go. You can see this area here. There's a clear. If it dips back into this area, 90° area, that is of course going to be our area of B, which is of course what FL has said a. So, we argue that this area here is a dip. And so you can see it also gives us weight for the narrow cracks neutral ch any cash burn 15 weakness such as you know other areas etc will be lower if trading minus says if you do enter find your stop team break below $90 in value to break up the bears compare value 50 so the downside narrative is real so this is why I say when you're using this make sure that you're setting up your agents in the right way so they can access everything that they need to and this is one of the ways for me I use agent to automate my messages remember guys you can use this on auto schedule so if you want to set up front job you l say please set up front job when I am so I'm going to say please set up pick job at 9:00 a.m. UK time and send it here please. And so this essentially automates the process of having to go out multiple sources see what they are and I mean the thing the beauty of this as well is like maybe you have a specific source or a specific website or specific way you do a recipe maybe you look at certain tweets and certain websites say comparisons different sentiments you can say it's going to go ahead and create this job. So you can see send back to the CI session tools only y so this is the stuff that agent is of course good at. So of course once this is done it's time to go into crypto. Now I know that you know some people don't use crypto but I'll put the gloss over what it is because I still think that bitcoin and tokenization I still think that all of those things are basically going to merge as mesh into the real world very soon you can now trade stocks and crypto and all these things but I think the crypto one is essentially just the same essentially just another pawn drop but of course I've got the deep and the brief one you see the brief one is basically just giving you an overview of the market and the daily alpha is basically looking at where lying if things are moving why they're moving and what the narrative is saying across major founders >> what did I miss you this for you you anything that you're investing and of course here you can say the daily project is live at 9:00 a.m. We're going to get out of the call. The next one is going to be tomorrow. So realistically for the stock market we only need to run from Monday to Friday. But of course if you're doing anything that has 24/7 markets like crypto you need it to run absolutely every day. So I think this is something that is super dup useful. As always if you want access to all the resources that I use to get my investment and trading strategies don't forget cyber security jobs are exploding and a degree from WGU helps you lead the charge. It's helping my career because my boss is leaning on me for designing the security space. >> Learn more at wgu.edu. >> If you're not flirting, you're friending. This is where most guys go wrong with women. Because >> when you combine the Hermes agent with tools like you, you lack abilities the 99% people don't realize they exist. I'm going to show you exactly how to connect Hermes with the world's most powerful models, which means that you can use Hermes from $0, build as much as you want to with no rotations or breaks. and my new system for using her is most powerful feature that will make you 10 times more expensive even if we're completely beginner and if you're new I'm glad I started with Christmas and I'm building my own hair businesses and I do share the stuff that actually works so if you haven't already grab that beautiful coffee and let's explore so let's talk about her and exactly how we leverage this for deep seat and I'm sure we know if this her thing is new to you set up I'll put a link on screen some so you can get all rock and rolling and officially we can actually jump in a look at the her plus deep sea and I'm not just talking about deepse heavy lifting for us but you've got to see why and why I haven't seen many we'll talk about the strategy I'm going to cover it so First thing we have to understand though before we even take any step is that software now costs less than minimum wage. So essentially the balance has shifted such that we can employ these AI that are as good if not better than junior developers to do things for us over time. So the question simply becomes for us how many minutes of the day do we have basically AI systems working for us building improving things whilst we're going about our day-to-day things using Hermes. Now we talk a lot about building software code by Hermes. Remember they're two very different things called code lives inside repos. It's got a tight tool loop section bound and it's built for code bases. Hermes lives across RSI life. It's persistent. It learns from every task that we give. It is self- evvolving in that sense. The more stuff we say, the better it gets. It sheds background jobs and it builds essentially the idea of her is a deep model understanding of who you are and the better you the better it can help you with your life. The whole point of systems like this connect codes to her quite nicely. So let's talk about reflection. Okay, here's learning task teaches her essentially who you are and that's how actually gets better understandable things like this. Hermes itself works whilst you sleep. So we're going to give it something in this video shows you how to leverage deep sea overnight to some exceptional stuff where it's valable. So the idea with this is that effectively we pick our brain. We pick a frontier model, the most intelligent and effective model to be what we call the conductor, the organizer. I personally find my experience cord open 4.7 is the best model for that. And the idea here then is that her home is can hot swap between every single frontier model and use the right model for the right job. Specifically, I'm sure DC4 is so powerful in this setup. I've seen a lot of interesting ideas about running on a computer and that is really fun. Sometimes you'll find that your literal like MacBook will like melt through the table because like the amount of effort required. So there's some different to be aware of it. And we can even see here just how powerful DC4 is. Now the message from this crack cuz we don't want to debate a benchmark. Like I always say, we've seen it in the profile. We're going to take on a day first, see what's up. It's not trying to say deep is better than Opus 4.7. Of course it is. But the question is, would you pay 1% of the product 95% value? If we can fully like how much more train I have done by simply starting at right so now you do that as the years go on the separation that you have to your peers just grows larger and larger and larger and larger and larger. By year five or six, doesn't matter what kind of work they're doing in the summer, they're never going to catch them full max level red line brain power. What could be realistically accomplished? That's kind of the question here. And you can see just how comparable they are to each other, how powerful and how well DeepC has actually been done. And this is the benchmark just for reference. And so the idea is it's 100 times cheaper and we get the same job done overnight, which is fantastic. And you can see here $75 a million seconds out versus immediately 87 cents. You can buy 87 cents. You can't even buy a hamburger. And so the idea here is that we're going to tag in open router. Open router is overpowered because once we give it access to open router, we can see our usage. We can track our usage in a beautiful dashboard. And on top that we can access all of the models and switch it dynamically whenever we want to without the need to have control thousands of keys and track usage over here and track usage over there. Another very powerful one that the unbox and this brings a nice idea of the multi-brain model system being that essentially every model has its own strengths or weaknesses and we can build systems that bring in the best model for the particular job and it runs 24/7 overnight. And so first of all, two models that you absolutely should have in your enemy's agent. One is going to be open chik because your $20 subscription you effectively get to use your chat which is going to be insane amounts of value and gives you access to chat 55. The second is the Gemini CLI and with just simply an email address and a Google account we can use Gemini. So this is an example of leveraging a model for a specific thing but I'm going to show you how deep comes into this and makes it incredible. So check this out. I can say for example, hey I would like you to use the Gemini CLI. So go ahead and look at Jack Roberts's last video and give me a break. How do I set up hyperlquid API? No, no rate limit in my bot >> analysis visually for what you see in the first. >> You got to be careful to not hit it too many times. I got I gave you the Mundev API as well. It's in the chat here. I'll throw it in there again. There's no rate limits there and it might help with some of the things. Offload some of the uh calls to that and then boom and send that and CLI just adds to a command line interface. It's just a very quick and the easiest way to connect to any service. If you don't have the gen high school, what I'm going to do is come over to this G repo right here. Click on code. Click on copy of that code and then head to your language model. Choice could be called Kodak, Codeex or Anti. And so for example, if I'm here, I'm just going to use this command just I'd like to install the Gemini CLI onto my computer. Okay. And all it's going to do is go ahead and run that into as you can see. I've already got mine installed and this CLI works exactly the same with the Open AI with it's incredible. Now let's come back over and see how it's going on. So check this out. It's user CLI. Fantastic. It's got my YouTube channel and it's literally broken down visually all the stuff it can do because Gemini is so powerful at breaking down video. is the multimodal model and we can now basically tag it and the cool thing about is it can bring in any model that we want to and this is running on my local computer right and so essentially I have the Gemini CLI on that so if I say I use it can literally use it for us right there directly and if it was on our host somewhere we can basically install it because it's a it's fantastic it's broken down the way that I'm doing in my first 10 seconds but this is just the beginning it actually gets way crazier than this now I'm playing load models now one of the techniques I found is called the council or the tri and we have a super intelligent model and we bring deepse v4 to do an insane amount of hypoglyicing then we have a super intelligent model that reviews and delegates but we need to build it in proper chat box. >> What did I miss? >> Agents work set up and ready. >> But there's a couple things that you need to know about open up to get the most out of this model. Some might actually surprise you. These here are expressions that we can add to the end of any model that we're doing and effectively does some really interesting useful things that are happenable is nitro. So this can appest provider at that moment. For example, in profit ports nitro fantastic. You've got exacto which is a little Italian but it's very fantastic whereas only providers rigorously certified in tool calling accuracy freaking really awesome right because if we're having these like systems of models doing agentic things for us in other words they need a tool call they need to check the databases you know not every model is great at tool calling so be able to grab the ones that are great at doing that thing another call we have on smart side over so just picks the best model for your product not diamond no extra fee that's pretty cool right that's pretty fantastic you can do that then you basically bring your keys which is fantastic so for example if we're using something that's getting romented like DCV4 we can actually bring our DC key into open router just to save us that time and make the whole process easier. We've got pullbacks and the last one is zero completion. So you're never in charge of vulnerable hair responses across that base that saves almost $20,000 a week which is a pretty handy mindset. So let's talk about actually physically fits into this. The idea is three models, one verdict, no single worry, no brain isolation. Okay, so think of it like this. This is the general strategy. This is very well reflected research. I think the tri sounds a lot cooler. I think it needs a little bit of revamp trial to me. The idea is you have plan, you have execute and critique. And I often found genuine speaking now I will never ship anything. I will never ship anything unless it is severely and brutally critiqued. I actually would ruthlessly critique because I want to be as critical as possible trying to criticize the skills to end itself. The idea here is that we have claw open for win side which at the moment is the king ruthlessly okay plan it plan the deep sea the giant whale okay that there's like one of the cast for 95% of the actual performance is doing all the heavy work some say it's deep sea labor I don't know call it what you want to but he's working hard for us day and night and this is the deep sea that can churn in the background for 24 hours while we're sitting our lattes and join people days and spending time with our families and then we have a critic model which is going to essentially take that apart and make sure it's correct and again we have a planning model that works in beautiful circle like that so for example we have called obus that can decompose task rather brief and execute the workflow deep is going to grind to the plan of night it's cheap enough try often doesn't get right and we can bring in a different model for the critic. It doesn't have to be Gemini food. It can be any model that you want to. I typically like to not have a name over this and I like to get slightly different flavor and [clears throat] scoop of ice cream if you will from a different variable model. Most likely CHBD 55, but you can tag it genite if you want. And to do this, I'm going to be using what I call the Pantheon. So last video I showed you how to pull up this entire beautiful Hermes operating system that effectively is a beautiful dashboard that basically allows you to connect Hermes to your cla code operating system because we do coding on our computer, right? This gives you a span, your costs, this streams for you overnight. So based on your entire chat history with claude, your usage, how you're using a chatbt and claude, every model in the computer. This will give you dynamic feedback and suggestions. It is autogaming. You can mon go through these things and it's incredible. What's really powerful here is we can connect this to her which basically means that her have access to all the data and everything you're doing with coding. It shows all your skills and all the fantastic memory systems. Now in her home at the start, one of the really interesting things that we can do with the heresies agent is actually connect it to our memory systems and we can connect it to everything we're doing. I'll link on screen for that full guide breakdown. Go check that one out. You might find that one super helpful. So this will be a link in the description. I reference that video at least together. Obviously, you can chat to him using chat if you want to. Just have the tab on my dashboard. But what I'm going to look at here is a pan map. You can do this just in her chat. I like to do this because I like to have a visual look at everything that I'm particularly designing. I just find it's way easier to do. So, I'm going to add a persona. Let's call this one something like a fantastic. I'm going to give it a job. Deeply reasons on any topic. Okay. So, this is going to be a very powerful one. And I pull together for you a template for this tri system that effectively breaks down the flow so that actually understands how it works. And it breaks up into three separate parts. Over the conductor who's the conductor of the head triad with deep seed the worker. You're the worker. He is literally the roof against 55 angles. Unless you buy the conductor and then we have the GT5 who is the critic that looks down and trying to assess it dynamically and what you can do is l come down graphics so copy all this stuff up obviously if you're using the hemy's dashboard awesome if not you can just paste this into he and so I just past here and here I'm going to add a little bit of description which basically explains a few lines on Christmas 4 and went to this is for when I want to go very deep on a topic we're going to leverage as a conductor deepseek is an extremely deep work course that can work for hours on a topic and then we're going to have Jack teacher review everything is extremely powerful deep work course and then we're happy with that again you just give this information you want to I personally find this system really helpful I like visually seeing everything I get traffic then pick the model that you want orchestrating against 7 and then we click on create obvious and when we're done with the dash of course just give it to your guy in Hermes and I click on obvious and let's have a look at what they're doing and we can see we've got the fire at any point I just want to come in and amend there I can do that which is really cool and just makes things a lot easier I think which is fantastic but we're good so now we just want to save this so I'm just going to come down here I'm going to have this syncing prompt and shows and I'm just going to come up to top of screen and drop this by here so we have a little bit of conversation now obviously it's great I just like to visually see this and we've done that what we need to do then is connect open router and to do that we've got to use the terminal so for example what we can do that on our computer we can do that I grab if I do control space bar and I just type in terminal we have this guy pop up. Now, we actually saw this many different ways. The easiest way to do this, if you haven't already, I'm going to grab the enemies set up button real quick. Actually, the model set command space, type in terminal, and it will appear and we'll just enter space setup space model. And then from here, you can basically select all the ones that you've got. And what you're going to find out here is open router. So, you're going to press space bar to select it like so. And I've already got mine in. So, I'm just going to keep that one here. You can promp that from just here. And again, it shows you all the different performance, which is really interesting. See where the central gravity goes. But you come to open router here. Click on get an API key. Then you simply come over to new key and you can create it. You also have this bio on the left. So, I click on basically bring your own keys. I can search all the providers. So I come down here and I type in Deep Seek. I can configure this real quick. Beautiful. I can add any API keys I want to. So we got a priority API key and I recommend this for Deep Seek just so you never hit any road limits. Then you just head over to Deepseek API key into Google already and you're looking for the Deep Seek platform. Again, just sign in, drop like $5, $10 as much as you want to into Deep Seek. You are going to be using a lot. So I throw some good money obviously, but put some money in there and you copy paste back here and then you have essentially own keys for Deep Seek if you want to. So you don't get limited just in case. But essentially at this point, we can do anything. So again, we chat around, but I can go to him and be like, "Hey dude, I'd like to use Oreus to solve a problem for me. Could you just confirm you know what Oreus is and let me know if there's anything you need from me. So that obviously speech text is g to y and get a lot more y time which is fantastic and just like that we have a response. So I know obvious is your deep work 5% open sex is acts as a coordinator first interrogate get a problem clarifying questions then it writes one type one page proof from work/critic group the intended flow goal is you given a goal orius asks clarifying questions they run proof works it multiple angles the critic test it part of the chimpable and audience val from you is the problem you want solved your desired output format how deep do you want me to go the dive work hours and any constraints budget tools deadline audience tone things avoid and what success looks like little hack you'll not itself saved information in this agent memory and it sold what I would love you to do for s for you as I'll put a link for it down below so you can grab it. And so this is the sold effectively come down and just place it. This is exactly how to run it and how to use it. It's stuff on your identity, your mission and goals. What's your goal? I want to get $20,000 a month in my SAS. I want to double my investor portfolio. I want to acquire some companies. Whatever it is, whether you know you're a billionaire, you whatever the thing is, make sure it explain your business, your revenue, your runway payments. Um, any key information you want to know, key metrics you need to check and be aware of, voice communication details, how exactly you would like to have it speak to you. Sure, by default, one question at a time, how it is to write to you, the rhythm, all this detail. Take a look at this if there's anything else you want to add in there. But honestly, this just really great questions. You just feed this information by yourself. The is going to have that fantastic context and then that will appear in your sould. And you can even say, "Hey, I want you to add this to my soul. Go stream mode and then just yap your heart attack." And literally that will cover everything. I like to use my obvious skill. Could you just confirm me anything you need to know about that person before I give you a task list? This is called obvious persona. What I need to add for task is conducted deep work. GT5 is a critic. Bring your desire outcome. Success criter niche should I personally choose? Success criteria is a list of the top three niches that have effectively high margin maybe typically unsexy and unargeted but have a high need for an automation services. Um could you a quick one for maybe like 10 minutes? I know that's pretty shish on this. Um the for me constraint is just keep it nice and snappy and short. Not too short obviously a good amount of detail. I want to know what I think. Um and then no assumptions. What do I already believe? I I have some beliefs that businesses like roofers and pool cleaning companies would be an excellent start based on my experience. And what format? Yeah, just give me breakdowns. I know you're set to interrogate me first, but yeah, you can ask me a couple cloud questions if you like to. So you can always see this process and how valuable this is. I said this all now imagine actually sending any point decision through this like if you just ask I've actually found myself it just agree with you just something I always keep on pushing a lot of answers that I don't have even questions that I don't I'm just going to keep going keep going figure these things out as you go right just continue to build that try to live by that reason you agree with everything I'm saying we need to you have to back build interrogators and the beauty of this prior strategy here guys is the fact that we've got different models we have critiques so think of the number of loops of program right W40 is likely solves like 90% of household elements right the only reason they got that is they had a very quick improvement loop like W40 was the 40th version that actually works hence the name and think about how many incremental improvements that you get when you have a critic review agent running around like this and then we have the 4.7 strategy it's just going to make you unbelievably effective like it's insane so we're going to scroll down and effectively hearing what's out standing it's picking top three niches great success criter Click quick questions. Cool. So, geography is going to be worldwide. Actually, let's do let's do Texas, please. Office, I'll let you tell me what you think is going to be most effective for that. Price point, I'm going to guess. Again, that could be, you know, 1 to 15k. That's absolutely fine. Uh sales merchant, I'll let you lead on what you think the best one is going to be. And to basically guide my decision, guide my thinking on it. I think that'd be fantastic. And then, yeah, go ahead and let me know what the outcome is. Now, I've just as a random example, but you get the idea of how the system could actually work. One more tip that might save you as well is I didn't fall back. So, for example, if tokens run out to B to XYZ instead, so it can do that for you. people smack them down with Japan say I got fire water mold restoration explain why my wings emergency leads can be insanely time sensitive one job can be $3 to $50,000 if you're working with these companies after this video go ahead and do that right now emergency cap is really cool it's giving you pricing ideology it's giving you um you know foundation praing and all the reasons why and what I can do is basically come down and say this is awesome could you explain to me your thinking behind this what each model did and how you arrive conclusion so I can best understand that and so let's see what video I'm just going to show this work tell me everything he's done so we got this content Friday work So the point is model doesn't buy any answers. So what is a niche house which checks local service blah blah blas market brutally went through everything explains it which is cool but you can set up to do this overnight whilst you're sleeping. You can even use free mult if you want to but I don't generally just advise engage that just because free is not free as we say in the USA. The point here is that like for a fraction of the cost you get deep your quality differential is insane. At end the end of the day if it runs for a million years and the answer is still garbage what uses that So I like to go for that ratio. Although I personally use 4.7 for massive stuff >> chat in >> hype chat in this is a full break. A full break on the 15 I believe 95% of the value 1%. We're building up this special skills with this particular tri skill. Now the idea here is that hemi with the whole image got in agent but it does lead on to one final question and that's how to get to it maximum potential which we're going to learn in this video right here >> in this video >> wait that was it? That's all you got for me? I got one more. Hermes just changed everything. Let's go ahead and see what it changed. >> Gro cannot be connected to Hermes, but I'm not talking about my subscription. So today, what's really >> Who uses Grocker? >> Anybody in here using anybody in here using Grock? No alpha in YouTube only moon. It's crazy, huh? Crazy. We spent so much time looking at these videos and um Moon's the only one that drops alpha. I use Grock on my phone as a personal assistant to talk to, answer stuff, type thing. Okay. Yeah, I like Grock uh as a phone thing. I would never put it on my computer though. That'd be embarrassing. I'm just kidding. >> And what's really interesting is that I can actually create what are called unlimited high resolution videos. That means I don't pay for tokens. I just use it like this. Also the good news with this new version is that with my catchy subscription I can connect codeex which is actually the most powerful tool in chatbt for programming code creation and everything related to development. Today I can connect it with my her account. So in this video we will first see together how to create this video how to generate videos with her using our account. This is just a simple >> never heard of that. No >> to make a short video with a dragon and a lion fighting and you'll see the result is incredible. This is a video generated in less than let's say a minute and result is stunning. I'll show you the video. Of course, we'll finish by exploring the various features that have been launched today by Hermix in its new version, which are very interesting tools. We're going to activate quite a few functions like image generation, video creation, and Twitter search. These are very, very interesting options and even the creation of pages and applications today is possible thanks to this kind of configuration in the newies. So, stay till the end. Of course, I will share with you all the prompts I used in this training so that we can test all the functions of the new memies together. So the first step is to install premise on an external DPS. Now you have to be very careful. It is still a dangerous agent just like open cloud or other agents even paper. Why? Because these kinds of agents actually have access to your hard drive and if there is what's called print injection someone retrieve in fact your photos your videos even your passwords install a mess on a BBS like here. So as a result there is there is neither my data nor my VPS and that's very important. Never installs for any AI agent on your own machine. Here I'm choosing the KM2 plan which gives me two processors with 8 GB of RAM. It's a very good processor. It's powerful and around 8 GB allow me to run tasks, especially daily ones. So, if you are a business or a freelancer, you need at least that much 8 GB of RAM. Be careful. You need to be on this specific page. I'll leave you the link to this page in the description because there are two types of MS installations. There's the MS workspace and there's the classic MS. So, the one I'm interested in right now isn't that one. It's the workspace version. I'll leave you the link. This one actually will simply give me access to this interface here. The other one will give me a classic interface, not the workspace. So, here I'll simply click here to deploy. And here actually I'm going to use a coupon that was posted on the hosting blog. So the coupon in fact will give me a discount. In order to use it I had to be a first- time customer on Hostinger. So quite simply here I'm going to log out of my old account because I'm going to use another email address. So that for posting I'm considered the new customer. So that's the trick to make the coupon work. Now I'm going to end the coupon which is go ahead and say this coupon. When click on apply automatically it will give me a 10% discount. Of course I actually have a 30-day trial period. That's something really interesting about those period. So you can do >> hey is this hosting ad? I think that's a hostinger ad. So, I'm just going to go ahead and uh wrap this all up here um with this and then I'm going to go ahead and use Hermes for myself. So, Hermes agent here. Hermes agent. Okay, perfect. Perfect. Perfect.