All right, there's been some major updates here to the Mundave app here. So, as you can see, if your key is ever invalid, there's two ways to get a key. Uh, the private Zoom as of February 13th, you know, I don't know how much longer I'll give away API key as this is a institutional grade trading platform and now it's institutional grade coding platform. I have so much to show you here. That being said, there's two ways to get it. Get the lifetime or just come to the Zoom for now. I'm going to put the key in there right now. Unlock app. You can just visit moonundab.com if you ever want to get it. Okay. You can see already a new page. So, this is our new coding page. I want to show you how to use it. It's built for it's built for anyone who is coding with cloud code or codeex. And probably this is a terminal right here, right? So, this is a terminal here. Uh you can see what you know so far is about the trade. trade page. I went ahead and put this button here in case you don't want to trade. If you don't want to put your private key in, that's fine. If you are going to put your private key in, make sure it's a new account here just for your safety. But you can see you'll have to agree to everything. Um, if you want to go to the trade page, you'll have to put in your private key for it to work now. But if we go skip, I just want to go to the code page. This is what I want to show you. Okay, you can see this is a terminal here. And what do I do with this terminal? Well, I can go ahead and mess with back test a back test folder. The back test folder connects to your back test tab. This is also a new tab. You can see here there's templates here for back test. Okay. So, I can just run these back tests here and it will show me the stats of the actual back test. This is using a bunch of proprietary data sources that you have access to now. It's inside. It's 18 18 different data sources here. And you can see she's cooking. She comes up with the full back test. You get the full back test. Now you can build back tests inside of Quant App. Oh, but what if you don't know how to code? Well, this is a great place to start because I have templates here and I can say, "Hey, hey, I have this idea of when the volume spikes, can you go ahead and make a new back test using volume spike plus this Ballinger band bounce?" Okay. Boom. So, you can you can go ahead and code your own back test inside of Quant App now. So this back test tab is five templates you have and then you can create unlimited new back tests down here. Go ahead and play around with it. The AI is connected to the Moondev AI. That AI is the same AI on the moon.com/doccks you can go to now. And if you have the API key, you can use that as use that as well. But you can see if you know how to code, you can see this is just a simple [snorts] IDE, but we loaded it with 18 proprietary data sources and five templates. And you can see all these different back testes I've created so far. And then the stats page will show you the stats. So that's the first thing I wanted to show you. If I click apply to editor here, it's going to create a new one. You see it said applied. It created a new one because it anything you create off the templates, if you create something new, it's going to make a new editor. Down here, you can see this is the code for that. Right now, I can hit run back test or if you're on Mac, you can hit command return or whatever the equival equivalent is on PC. And this is going to run the back test. And look at that. There's errors on the back test. So, all I have to do is I can click fix with AI. Fix with AI. She's going to send all the errors over there. So now you have this unlimited easy low code way to code back test within the quant app within the Moondev app within the Moondev app. And you can see you can just go in a continuous circle here. You know my process of automating your trading starts with R research. Once you have some ideas you can start back testing back testing back testing. Now this is an iterative game. It's iterative. You have to test, test, test. You have to debug. You have to send it back to AI. I just made it way easier for you. So, I just want to do this quick update here. So, you are up to date on the newest version of the Mundev app. You can see she's talking to the AI right now. She's trying to fix the errors. You can also click this auto apply button if you'd like, and this will auto apply it. I like that, but maybe you want to go slower for the first time. And then you can go ahead and go faster with the auto apply. Auto apply is essentially going to take whatever she sends back and apply it automatically. As you can see, this is a lot of errors. Sometimes it will take some time. you can see what the errors are if you are learning how to code. Again, the whole reason for the Mundev app is to help you become more quantitative. So, if you started on the trade page, that's awesome. But now you're a coder because the only way to make it in trading is an automated approach. That's my opinion. Now, I can run it and see if she fixed it. You can see there's still some errors on a couple of them, but we do get the stats back and we can see the return. We can see the buy and hold return. We can see the sharp ratio, the sortino. So, this is pretty goated. You can see you can keep playing around with this. Click fix with AI. I can go in this circle until everything is fixed, but I do see some stats here for some of the data. Okay, so now you know how to use this back test page. What else can you do here? You can rename things pretty easily. You can delete things. Um, you can also create a folder. So, you can go ahead and say, uh, hey, I want a folder of of like winners or something like that. Okay. So, your winning back test, then you can just pull them into that folder. Uh, everything else is pretty self-explanatory. Again, there's five templates here just to get you the stuff that took me so many years to figure out how to make a template of back test so we can rapidly test back test. Okay. So you go to any of these, you have a template, then you can tell the AI, hey, I want to build this or that. Whatever you want to build, whatever you can think of, you can create here. Dude, remember it's researchback implement. So you have unlimited ways to research. You have unlimited books. You have unlimited podcasts. Everything here you have access to. Mundave.comroadmaproad. If you have the key in order to use the quant app, you have the key to get to the road map. And the road map is going to show you exactly how to automate your trading. I show you step by step some of my best videos. Step 1 2 3 4 5. I go ahead and give you my Discord. I answer all your questions you may have. And then I show you my RBI system. Remember, the process starts with research of trading strategies. Then you back test those strategies to see if they actually work in the past. If they work in the past, they're not guaranteed to work in the future, but they're much more likely to work in the future than something that you're simply you're putting lines on the chart or something like that. That doesn't work. So, back test, back test, back test, come up with ideas, research, Google Scholar, read books, study podcast. I have a whole book list here and alpha generation techniques. These are real ideas that come from my iPhone notes. So, I've been here for 5 years. That may be longer than you. And if it is, I have a bunch of ideas. You can just go through and get idea after idea. Come back here and start back testing. You can see it's super easy to do this loop now. And you don't even really have to code. I mean, I haven't coded yet, have I? Now, you can always bring this code. You can copy this code and bring it somewhere else. yada yada. Anyways, you see the back test tab now. You understand it. Do you have any questions? Let me know in the chat. Now, I want to go to the code tab. The code tab is pretty cool. It allows you to code inside. >> Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. >> It lets you code inside of Quant app. So, first things first, you can copy a a path here and say add a project. These right here are pretty cool actually. If you go to the back test here, the back test, this is connected to this. So, let me show you that first because if I go ahead and I activate my code, now you have to be a little more advanced at coding here. You need to be able to create your environment and set up cloud code or codecs, right? [snorts] So, you're going to be able to see here if I go ahead and say claude dangerously skip permission. What does this say actually? Cloud code cannot be launched inside another nested sessions. Let's see here. Let's go here. I've actually never seen this error before. Nested sessions share runtime resources and will crash all active sessions to bypass this. Unset the cloud code environment variable. Okay, let's go ahead and do that. Let's do that. So, this is good that you're seeing this error because you may you may run into this as well. So if this is the case, let me go over here and say how do I go ahead? Can you go ahead and do this for me? Uh the cloud code environment variable, this is inside of the code tab on quant and I'm getting this error which I've never seen before. So it seems like a brand new error. Please go ahead and fix it. So I have my app here, my app claw here, and I'll fix it on my side, but it's good to see this in case you get it as well. So essentially I can go ahead and bring in any GitHub here or any folder system. Super easy. You just hit plus and select that folder or you can enter a path or you could just say, "Hey, I want a new terminal." And you can see how these start to stack, right? That's pretty cool because now we can really step on the gas here. So let's go ahead and say refresh. You can hit command R in order to refresh the app ever. That's on Mac. I don't know what it is on PC. probably something similar. Okay, so the fix is this empty. Okay, let's go ahead and see. Let's restart this. Please relaunch the app with that fix. Thank you. So again, here's the code section. And what's nice about it is it will keep all of your terminals all saved. So you can just log in. Go fast. T C. Okay, there we are. So again, this back test folder is connected to the back test tab. So can you look at my top or look at look at my back test in here and then launch five sub agents in order to or not sub aents but launch five agents to create one new back test each. Make sure it's based off of the templates you see here. So this is in our back test section. Okay. But also look at this. I can go ahead and add new uh add new GitHubs here. So, copy path. I want to go ahead and first I want to go ahead and add my brain to this. So, I'm going to say add and I'm going to say enter path. I've got this project called my brain. And I open it up here and I can say something like T and then C. Okay, great. Well, that's getting a little repetitive to be honest, having to put T and then C every time. So, I went ahead and I have start commands here. I put T for activate T flow. It's an alias, but really what this is doing is cond activate tflow. Um, you might want to do claude or whatever it might be. These are start commands that every time you open a new tab, it's going to do those. So, I can save time. Apply to all projects or you could just have it that one project. Whatever you might have different start commands for each. Anyways, you can see I'm in my brain now. Let's go ahead and say um when it comes to trading, what are my what's my number one idea in my brain that I should attack? Okay, so now this is a whole another cloud code. I got cloud code on the left side. I got cloud code on the right side, but I have way more projects than that. So, how do I do that? I just go ahead and copy the repo path and I put it in here. Now, that's how I do it, but it might be easier for you to just click select folder. Select folder will select the folder that you want to code in. Okay. enter path. That's how I'm going to do it. And then this is my cross exchange arbitrage. Okay. Um let's go ahead and open this one up as well. And you can see now it's open. Perfect. Perfect. T and then C. Okay. And now we have that open. Now let's go ahead and open another GitHub because I have a lot of GitHubs I want to work with today. and everything I build, I'll show you here. Mund trading bots, copy repo path. I thought today would be a good day to show you this this update because I'm setting everything up. So, copy repo path. Perfect. Now, I've got four. Say T and then C. Okay. And then now every time from here on out, if I update it, it will go ahead and apply those TNC shortcuts. What else do I need? I need my AI agents GitHub. Okay. Okay, so Mundav AI agents copy repo path. And you might be asking, how do you get access to this quant app? You get access in the live streams for now, but not forever. The other way to get access is lifetime access. Okay, what else do I want to get in here? I want to say Solona copy trader copy path. Copy repo path. Let's go ahead and add that one in. So, what's great about this is if I reset this, it will go ahead and still be in there. So, boom. I have six different terminals set up and I'm ready to get started for the day. But what if I have more? Well, it I like this version. You could go up to 4x4 if you want. You can close this, make it nice and clean. Um, if you want more, you can have more. You can have I like 3x3, but you can go up to 4x4. So, let's see. Do I have other ones that I want to work with? Of course. Let's say Poly Market. So, I've got the Poly Market trading bots as well. Copy repo path. For me, I like the 3x3. So, what am I going to do here? Enter path. Yes, I want to pull that up. And then I open it. And then now it's getting a little small, especially since a lot of people watch this on video. So, I can grab the tab here and just move it into the tab section. Boom. Now I've got 3x3 again. Okay. What else? Well, let me do a full breakdown because I need to do this every once in a while. You can see here I have this button called lock in. It gives me a 10-minute timer here and it gives me points for every prompt. This will get me locked in. You can see the streak is at zero. Everything was reset. So, anybody that joins here today gets access to the the fresh fresh I'm ranked number one, but you get the fresh code. Let's go ahead and say lock in here. And you can see I have 10 minutes and every prompt I see here u every prompt I put in I get a point. You can see uh go ahead and tell me what the number two trading idea would be. >> [snorts] >> Now, I'm just trying to I'm just trying to gamify me stepping on the gas. I want to stay super focused. You can see there's six clogged codes here. So, this will actually It's hard to context switch. It's hard to stay focused. So, what I want to do is I want to make sure to keep building things in to pull my focus back and compete with this clock. So, you don't have to use it. Uh it's just something I built in for myself. [snorts] If you look at this GitHub, what is the number one thing I can do to uh what is the number? Okay. No, no. Tell me exactly the three in short concise or what three or five or however many back tests you did. Tell me one sentence for each of them cuz remember these back tests actually went ahead and they got put into the back test folder here. So that's awesome. Let me go ahead and get T and then C. And I'm gonna say, "Okay, I need go ahead and give me a three sentence overview of what this Poly Market GitHub is." Okay, let's go ahead and enter this in. And you can see plus one. I leveled up. I'm on uh I'm on here. I'm on level two now. You can see this is just to hack my brain. Um you can see I'll keep going here. Go ahead and give me three sentences of what this Solana Copy Trader GitHub does. Now, obviously, I'm going to do better stuff than this. I just want to give you a full overview of how this works and what goes on here. You can see I really really like this lock in button and I was here all night because I was looking at my points and you can see this draw draw down here. This will subtract a point if you don't get a prompt in. So it's just pushing you. Let's go. Let's go. Let's lock in. Let's lock in. For me, I have a problem with yapping and you know that. So now what I do is I actually go over to the trade tab. Well, I can't even go to the trade tab until I put my key in. So, anyways, under the risk on the trade tab, there's this thing that will keep this always in front. So, it's always in front. Nothing can get in front of here. And I really like that because that forces me to always see this section of it show forces me to show the app at all times. And since I have a timer here now that's pushing me to code more, I'm just having better results. So that's the full review here of what happens with uh or what's on the code tab and what's on the back test tab. You can see here on the back test tab. These are some of the new back tests that they created. I can hit command R, run it, and then just debug because there will be bugs. They're not all going to be perfect, but this was from Opus 4.6. So you can see it actually was perfect. They had one error here. Um this is a pretty simple error. I can click fix with AI. Anyways, this is a continuous loop that now you have the access to actually automate your trading because remember automated trading starts with research and then it goes into back testing if you die for it. Take this. I bought some hollow tips for your homeboy. >> So on the trade tab, you've been able to do your research, right? You've been looking at everybody's positions. You've been a able to see everybody when they get liquidated. That's a little bit of research if you ask me. But I've given you this book list and all these resources as well so you can go learn from other people. Market wizards, I would highly recommend watching or reading all of those books. Use Audible if you want to go fast. The man who solved the market if you want to see Jim Simons how he approached this market. Chat with traders. These are the two that are going to give you an unlimited source of ideas because every sentence these people say, they're real traders. They have ran up real bags and every sentence they say could key off an idea for you cuz we all are from different places. We all have different experiences. You can see I went down a point because I this is like a I think it's about 2 minutes but this will be this will change. I went down a point because I didn't put a prompt in. So you can see it's it's built in order to keep us prompting and keep us stepping on the gas and stay locked in. But I wanted to do this quick overview of the new updates here and there will be more updates to the Mundave app. Of course, I'm using it to improve my coding, improve my productivity, and improve my trading. Okay, I started with the trade tab because I know a lot of you are still trading by hand. Okay, at least trade quantitatively if you're going to do it by hand. But then as soon as possible, if you've watched my the courses and stuff, you know how to code now. So, let's go ahead and get you over to this code tab. I think this is the real alpha here and this back test tab because now you can RBI all day long. And all of the AI on the back end is is uh paid for by us. So, don't even worry about it. Everything is 100% secure. This is all inside of your terminal. Nothing is sent to an API or anything. The only thing sent to an API is every maybe 10, 20 minutes. It it sends how many prompts you've sent in or how many points you have. It doesn't send in your real prompt. It's just the number of points because I'm building out this leaderboard. Now, you you'll be able to see this grow over time, but essentially it's a leaderboard that shows you verse everybody else. Where are you at? What's your rank today? Obviously, I'm number one because I'm just shipping this now, but I think that's a good overview. So, if you have any questions, let me