All right, so I got Opus 4.6 making the calls for me up here on Poly Market 5Minute Markets, but I want to give you some actual results here. These are back test results. So using actual real data that I got from the road map and downloaded it. And then you can see here $82,000 return, $96,000 return, um $41,000 return, and win rate. This is interesting. 64% win rate. I like a high win rate for these fiveminute markets. 58% win rate. Actually had the higher P&L, which is interesting. Maybe that means less. No, it's more trades. Look at that. I'm Mundav. I build trading bots chasing the same industry Jim Simons ran up a net worth of $31 billion in. These are real people, real profits, hundreds of them. Not asking you to trust me. I'm asking you to trust them. mundavv.comisord. Message anyone, ask them yourself, maybe make a friend. Okay, so I want to go ahead and dive into both of these back tests. So then you can take your ideas and be able to build whatever you want on these five minute markets. They're a lot of leverage on them. It's a little scary, but you can see here that essentially what I'll do is I'll scroll through and show you all of the code right here right now. And then I'm going to put it on my road map as well. So the road map, you know, you got to join tomorrow's Zoom call, which is five bucks. But that will allow you to be able to open this up and just grab it. And you actually have data here. So one of your questions by the end of this is going to be like, "What data did you use, Mundev?" Well, I just downloaded 200 weeks of one minute data here. And now I'm actually working on a couple machine learning projects. So, probably tomorrow you're going to see more about the machine learning stuff. But, uh, I'll just go ahead and put all the code here just like I did with with this article here. I just write all the code out, explain it because I think it's important you understand everything. You saw the results of the back test thus far. And, you know, we'll see how they actually do in the future. Come back in future days because every day I'm back testing. and I'm researching new ideas and then I'm back testing those ideas to see if they work in the past knowing that they're not always going to work in the future. So, I launch them with live bots and let them run for 24, 48, 72 hours and see if they actually do well. If they do well, I'll keep them on. if they don't, you know, so while everybody else is going to cope over here and say overfitit, yada yada, whatever, um, these have been stress tested and they still do well, but I think the ultimate stress test is running live. So, for the rest of this short video, I'm going to go ahead and show you all of the code, explain the ideas, and then um, you'll have everything you ever wanted. Much love to you. Anyways, I'm going to show you the highest return one and then I'm al also going to show you the highest win rate one. Let's do that. So, point me let's say point me to point me to the MACD 625 threshold over 100, the one with 275 trades. Give me that file that has the highest win rate. But then also give me the MAC D 6265 H over 10 that has the biggest P&L are the only changes the H. Anyway, send me those paths. I think those only changes are the hits though. So, I want to get you something else as well. Let's go ahead here and see if I can go ahead and up here. You can see MACD hiss. Okay. Strategy cloud code tripping. Okay. Here we go. Highest win right here. Same file. It loops through both parameters. Okay. Okay. Okay. So, I can get you this file ASAP. Let's do that. Let's go ahead and go through it. And I'll also put on my website later. I'll put the link to my website below. I'll give the road map if you come to tomorrow's zoom, but I'm also just going to go through all the code here so you get absolutely everything here in this video because I believe code is a great equalizer. And if this will get you to learn how to code, let's get it. So, first things first, let's go ahead and open up this back testing folder. You can see I have it here. So, MACD variation 2. Okay, beautiful. And you can see Opus just placed a trade for me. So, that's kind of nerve-wracking. Anyways, let's go ahead and find the second file I'll give to you here in a second. For now, what I'm going to do is I'm going to scroll through here so you can see all of the code, but I'll make sure that the code is on the road map. If you're in the Zoom right now, then you have the road map. By the end of today, by the time you watch this recording of this video, you will have all of the code on the road map. If you do want to come to the Zoom as well, you can see it's just a back test, but you saw the results earlier. So, I just scroll through it. You can pause the video and see all of the code and just send it to your AI and say, "Hey, I want to build something different, something better." Because remember, don't plug and play anything. This is a back test, so it doesn't actually matter. But anyways, that's the first one I wanted to get to you because that one looked fire. Let's go ahead and ask her opinion. Other than this one, what do you think the other best back test we have is based off of uh this data? Go ahead and send me the path to that one. I want to share it with a friend. 777 friend. 777. 777. Okay. Okay, so the next one I want to show you is the MACD5 minute back test. So the back test here had a 60% win rate, 6.18% edge, 119,000 P&L, 104,000 trades, Zcore of 70.8, 10 out of 10 stress test pass, max draw down only 402. Now, this seems a little too good to be true, but hey, maybe it's not. Maybe it's not. And you know, you can sit there all day and comment whatever you want. That's fine. But I'm actually testing these things live right now. So, if you want to come back, you know, in a few days, I'll I'll have the live B bots because if you follow my process, this is my process to automate your trading. Again, this is on the road map that you get when you come to any Zoom. I want to make sure that if you ever come to one of my Zooms, dude, you get way more than way more than you bargain for. So, if you go to the road map here, I've already dropped the keys in the chat and you just put your API key in here. I give you the free API key. Scroll down here and you can see my actual process for automating my trading. So this is the same process I'm showing you today. I'm showing you the step two though. The process of automating your trading starts with research of trading strategies. Then you back test those strategies to see if they actually work in the past. If they do, they are not guaranteed, but they're much more likely to work in the future. So I just showed you one back test that was super profitable. That's in the past. It's not guaranteed to line up in the future, but that's why I go to the third step, which is incubate with small size. I run with small size. Like you see Claude Opus 4.6, she's trading with like eight bucks, 10 bucks right now. Small size because it's not guaranteed that things are going to work in the future if it works in the past. Everybody else on YouTube, they're going to show you Trading View back tests and be like, "Oh, you're going to be a billionaire if you run this bot." I get emails like that every day like, "Oh my god, I have the best back test ever. This system is so good. Come on, dude. Like, invest in me." Or, "Come on, dude. Look at this code. It's so fire. Let's partner together." A back test is a back test. It's an indicator that's much better than putting lines on the chart. But it's still a back test. Got to research, find new ideas, and back back test them. So, we found this idea that I'm showing you today from the fire in the chat. Like I said, I'm on year five, but it's not the same as your year five simply because I got 20, 30 different engineers, algo traders that are looking at all of my code at all times and helping me out, dropping ideas. Somebody else dropped a big idea about whether Poly Market bought today. So, so much fire in the chat in the first 20 minutes. Wow. Research, back test, and then incubate. So, let me get you this second back test here because I that is step number two. Research and then back test. So, let's get that second back test to you. You can see it's the MACD 5minute back test with a incredible win rate of 60.18%. A P&L of 119,000. Yes, dude. Let's get it. So, let's pull up the code here and try to find it. MACD MACD 5 minute. Yep. Okay, cool, dude. So, I'm going to scroll through this here, but I'm also going to let me go ahead and Yeah, let me scroll through it. And then by the end, you'll see a link like if you're watching this later on YouTube, uh you'll see a link to the place you can get the road map and all that. Like I said, everybody in here has a road map. And since we're live right now on Zoom, I will get all of this code onto that road map here after I scroll through the code for all of the people that do not want to give up a tremendous amount of $5 to get into the Zoom. So much love to you guys as well. Simulate P&L. Nice, dude. What is this? We're going to look into that. Simulate P&L based on Oh, okay. That's just a sketch word to say. I'll double check on her. Just double confirm this isn't any sketch madeup data. Thank you. That would be funny. Still going to ship it. Still already shipped it. That's the thing. Vibe coders be vibe coded and see, oh snap, this is just simulated fake data. Uh, I've definitely ran into that before. You can see that my Opus 4.6 6 did get into a trade here. They're up a bit, but you know, it's it's interesting interesting idea. I wanted her to run all night. I wanted to yolo all night, but I woke up and there was an error. So, she didn't run all night. She got like one trade in. But here's all of the code for you. And I appreciate you for stopping by. Much love to you. If you do want to jump in the Zoom, I'll throw you that road map. Otherwise, you know, I still wanted to deliver all this code for these two back tests because I think these fiveminute poly markets are dangerous, but they provide a lot of leverage and leverage is sketch, but I know that you're sketch, too. So,