All right, so I'm back on the five minutes and I've got a bunch of wins here I need to claim. 133% is actually from women's tennis. 133% from the fiveminute updowns. I've got three bots that I built today and I think the third is the craziest. I'm going to show them as quickly as possible and get you the idea. We all have AI now. Um, okay. You see 233% 79% women's tennis as well. Got some weather ones in here, but I always say I'm gonna stay away from the five minute markets. there's plenty of exposure on Hyperlid and other venues with my bots. But that being said, I just keep getting drawn into them. So, today, like I said, I have three bots I'm going to show you and I just need to claim some cash here. But this stuff is this is stuff is still super hard. Don't think that just because I'm building uh bots live on the internet that you can just plug and play and make money overnight. It's super hard stuff and I'm just trying to get you the idea because I believe code is a great equalizer and now you have AI so you can code and now you just might need a couple ideas. So like I said, I've got three to show you today. U I'm going to claim these and then we're going to go ahead and get started here. So please do read this and I'm not going to go ahead and say it all, but do take a second to read the disclaimer. Okay, beautiful. Let's go ahead and get into all three of the ideas. The first one, let's go ahead and get into a bit of the code as well. So, I'll I'll talk about the idea, but I'll also walk you through part of the code. It's not like you need me anymore. You just need the idea. So, um let's go ahead and go to the first idea that I built for these five minute markets today. And the first one is pretty highly requested here and it is a copy bot. So what I called it, I found this one profile that was pretty much just printing. So I wanted to build a bot based off of what they're doing. Um, you know, I use copy bots as like scanners for Solana. Um, I haven't had too much success with copy bots on Poly Market. I haven't really tried yet. So, this is my first attempt. And let's go ahead and see if I can give you a little bit of the code here. And essentially, it's pretty cool because I can just grab somebody's account. Um, let's say, for example, this guy's account here, and I just grabbed his uh address and I put it in. I can just tell Claude to put it in for me or I can go to the bot itself. Hey, what is the file name for the copybot that we built earlier? Stupid. It's copybot right here. No, it's called lockabot. Lobka. Lobka bot. Okay, perfect. So, you can see here copy trades a poly market five minute up down. So, if you find somebody that is trading super well on polymarket up downs, this is the type of idea that um I built today. And essentially, I thought this was pretty interesting. Here you can see I have a buy down here just sitting um because I do have a bot running right here. It's doing another idea that we did earlier today and essentially okay I guess there's four ideas for you. Here's another idea. It's like a stink bid on this. So I find the momentum however you're going to measure momentum of a market the trend and then I stink bid the way that I want to go. Okay. So that's a sneaky bonus idea but I still want to get through number one and then two and then three. So this one here, you can see it was because I went to the activity tab and I find this pretty interesting. You can open up all the activity. Let's see who's trading over $100 and I started to find pretty good accounts. So this is some output for you for sure. So I built the copy bot out and it's pretty simple for me to just go through here and see how people are trading and if one shocks me. Okay, perfect. Actually, Hitman, that's pretty good. You can see his activity. Let's see what he's trading. He's trading mostly these. You can see up 50 cents, up 22. So, he's actually gambling on these. Uh, one of the third ideas, I'm going to write this down for now, but one of the third ideas I had and I'm going to tell you today, um, is very interesting and very opposite of what we just found here. So, I was just trying to give you this little activity tab thing. Maybe you know about it already, maybe not. But now I can just take any of these addresses here and say, "Hey, instead of LKA here, let's see, Lobka here. I can say put in this guy or Hitman." Yeah, Hitman, his username. Just put it in right there. And we also have Lobka. So, I'm going to go ahead and say um boom, Hitman and Lobka because now I have two. I'm just trying to show you get you caught speed here. And I found another one. So, now this bot I can run and essentially it will just copy whatever they do. But it uses a stink bit approach. So, it sees what side they are on and then it takes a little dip on it. So, I'll take your side, but I'm not going to fully trust you like that gang. So, I'm going to get a little discount. Okay, that's the idea number one. And I give you idea number 1.5 already as well. But idea number two of the bots that we built today was the hype 5 minute. I went ahead and I saw that they added hyperlquid here crypto. If we go to up down here um we go to hyperlquid here five minute. They have a five minute bot or five minute market now. And this is a bad example but the spreads are really big. spreads, meaning like the between the bid and the ask, the prices that people are bidding versus asking. So, I went ahead and built this five minute bot that essentially looks at the up down on Hyperlid and it creates a new slug over and over. And you can see it's right here actually in the bottom right. It's not running at the sec this second actually because I didn't have the cash in my account, but you know, I had to start the video with claiming cash. Of course, it's the only reason you're still here, bro. So, much love to you. Um, that being said, you can see now I'm bidding and asking here on Hyperlquid. There may be a little debugging for this. We'll see. Um, this is actually the first live one. It actually went through because it was getting rejected prior to having no cash. So, that's idea number two. It's kind of like a spread tightener bot. You can see I'm on the bid. I'm on the 13 cent and the two cent. So, maybe I need to put a rule in here to not do the last 30 seconds or something. What? How much time is left here? last 30 seconds. I honestly thought I had a rule for not having the last 30 seconds on that. So, let me go ahead and fix that real quick. You could build anything with claw, bro. One thing I've noticed on my hyper 5m minute bot, uh we should not bid in the last 30 seconds or x seconds that is up in the um in the variables. So, thank you. Okay, so that's going to be nice. I don't want it to bid in the last 30 seconds. Um, why? I don't know actually. I need to think that through more. But that being said, it looks like what happened to this trade? Did we win it? I bought at 5 cents, 5 cents, 5 cents up and definitely lost that. So 41 4105. So that's good. I'm putting that rule in there. So, I didn't think that all the way through, but that's a really good example of why you don't just copy people's bots. I'm going to give you the idea, and I think that's more helpful. So, that's bot number two. The hyperlquid spread tightener is going to be bidding on the the bid, the bid and the ask. If I go to live market here, we should have this running and see it here. I just won't let it run for the last 30 seconds here by hand, but that's the te uh the spread tightener, per se. Um, what else do we have? So, that was idea number two. Actually, really three. And then the last one I thought was pretty cool. I was doing that thing I was showing you here where I'm essentially going and looking at people's activity and I came across this profile. Let me just see if I can pull up the profile real quick. Okay, I found it. I found this guy's profile and it was just straight up. But what I noticed is he's buying it at 98 cents, 95 cents, 94 cents, 88 cents, 99 cents, 98 cents, 96 cents, and so on. So that's pretty crazy. So I went ahead and put a bot together here, and I called it the five minute close bot. So it's essentially providing liquidity at the end of each of the five minutes. That's three.