All right. So, AI agents can now read charts. And I think that is so powerful because if you're trying to trade one of these charts, you're looking at it and you feel like, "Oh, I need to be a human to be able to read these breakouts or whatever." But now, AI agents could do it. And you have all the code. >> Chart analysis for BTC on the 15-minute time frame. The trend is sideways. Indicators are inconclusive. No clear buy or sell signal. AI suggests to nothing with 70% confidence. So imagine if you have this AI running all the time, whether you're a hand trader or an automated trader. I would become an automated trader, but if you're a hand trader, this is also nice. >> Hi Moondev 777 chart analysis for Fartcoin on the 15minute time frame. The trend is bullish. Bullish price action and high RSI AI suggest to buy with 80% confidence. >> Okay, so you know, are those good uh actual recommendations? I don't know. But the the thought here or the idea is very very important and impressive, right? Because the one thing that keeps some people away from automated trading, they say it takes some intuition to look at the charts. Okay? But AI could look at charts now. So let me give you all the code here. You can see I outputed it all in voice just so I could prove that it works, right? You can go ahead and change this prompt. And I think that's the beautiful thing is we all are going to have to have different prompts or we all will have different prompts. So, I can give you my code. All the code is already in the GitHub. You can go ahead and just download it and change it to be however you want it to be. Of course, this isn't just going to print you money off the bat. I promise that. Nobody's ever going to give you a trading bot that just makes you a ton of money. But, I'm going to give you all of my ideas and I'll give you all of my code as well because I think it's important when I figure out something that is gamechanging like this AI being able to read chart patterns that is extremely important. So, how does it actually do it? Well, you can go ahead and grab the code. It's all here in the Munddev AI agents. There's a link in the description, but also there u you can just type in AI agents Mundev onto Google. But if you go to chart analysis agent, this is all of the code here. So, you could go ahead and play around with it. But how does it actually do this? It goes ahead and it gets the open, high, low, close, volume, pretty much the past data. And then it goes ahead and makes its own chart image. So it essentially recreates this chart image and then it sends it to uh OpenAI's vision models so it can go ahead and analyze that chart. Now like I said, is this going to work just straight off the bat? Probably not. But you could complement this with your strategy and this could be like a final filter or even a starting filter. At the end of the day, being able to visually look at charts is one of the biggest reasons hand traders think they cannot automate their trading. So now that you have an AI agent that can analyze and actually visually see the chart pattern, that takes away all the voodoo stuff that people are saying, oh, you you have to be able to see the chart, yada yada, there's intuition. No, dude. you now have all of the code in order to build exactly what you saw here at the start. So instead of voice, you could eventually say, "Hey, let's put in an auto trade." Well, how do I put in an auto trade? Well, dude, the GitHub here has everything you need. If you go to source here, you have all of the functions for Solana. You have all the functions for Hyperlid to buy sell. You have all the functions for extended and aster pretty much every single crypto in the entire world. You have all the functions in order to build anything out. So probably in like 10 20 minutes I could turn this into a full-blown bot. But would I want to is the question. I don't know. You have to test that. The process I follow here is explained in my free road map. This free road map you can go to my website, put your name, email in. I'll send it to you. But this is the process that I follow. It's a process of automated automating your trading. It starts with research of trading strategies and then you go ahead and back test those strategies to see if they actually work in the past. If they work in the past, they're much more likely to work in the future. Now, this is a little bit of a tricky one to back test, I'd say. So, what I do when it's too tricky, I I do have the privilege of being able to run, you know, $10 smalls size bots and it's not going to kill me. So, I can run them live and see how they do. Again, I think this is more of an indicator of filter that could be put into systems that maybe are already profitable or close to profitable. I don't think it's something that's just you just run straight off rip and say, "Hey, buy or sell." I don't quite believe in that. But I did want to get you this idea because I think it's a revolutionary idea that AI can now visualize charts as well. of course they can chew on the data and I think there are so many secrets within the data but being able to visualize things uh is pretty awesome and I'm sure you can use some of this code and the visualization part in order to uh visualize some other things that may help with your strategy. So if you do find something that works really well, you don't have to tell me your idea. Just please do tweet me or celebrate with me. Um and that will just make me so proud. I do have the boot camp here if you do want to learn how to automate your trading step by step in the next 15 days. I'll show you absolutely everything in short concise videos with translations and captions and you can watch them at your own speed and there's a 100% money back guarantee. The goal is to hold your hand through the process of automating your trading step by step. put your name and email in here even if you're undecided because I'll send you this road mapap and you can kind of attack it yourself if you'd rather do that. But we do have a private Discord community that you get access to. So you're not just chasing this industry by yourself. And I think that's important in order to have success in this industry. You must have longevity. So you must have fun. You must be having fun with it in order to test, test, test until you find things that work for you and then go test some more. This is an iterative game. It's not a get-rich quick. So, please do not join the boot camp if you think you're going to make a million dollars overnight. I'm chasing the $31 billion man, Jim Simons himself. Come chase him with me, dude.