All right. So, today we're going to be looking into Public API. I'm actually looking for a new brokerage. That's why I took on this very, very nice sponsorship. Thank you so much from Public or a couple disclaimers here I need to make. But first, I want to tell you why. Cuz I, you know, I don't just take on any partnership. Um, I am looking for a new broker with an API. Okay. I started with Interactive Brokers, but if you use Interactive Brokers, you know it's clunky. Just is what it is. So, back to Robin Hood. I lost trust with Robin Hood in 2020 with the whole GME event. I hadn't been using it. It's easy though. I've always seen public on the side coming up. Looks like a good experience. I didn't know they had an API. So when they reached out and they said they had an API, I was like, "Okay, this is this is actually interesting." So what I'm going to do today is give you an authentic look at this. I'm not currently a member. I am maybe just like you deciding if I want to move over to a new broker. The thing that I, you know, I lost trust in Robin Hood, obviously I'm I'm a user right now. I am. But the thing that kills me is they don't have an API. If you're truly for the people, you'd have an API so we could get a a level playing field. So that's what got me interested in this. So I'm going to spend some time here going through their documentation. Let's go to public API. I want to go through their documentation here. Public trading API. Perfect. Preview here. Now, there are a couple disclaimers before we get too deep into this. First off, let's get this on the screen. Let's get me off the screen. You know this is a paid partnership with public.com brokerage services provided by public investing or provided by open to the public investing inc member FINRA and SP sipc investing involves risk. This reflect reflects this reflects my personal experience and is for educational purposes only not investment advice. Option trading entails significant risk sketch. It's sketch and is not appropriate for all investors. Please review the options disclosure document available through the OCC as well as the options rebate terms and conditions at public.com/ disclosures. Okay, so before I even get my API key, I haven't gotten there yet, you know. Uh I want to I want to look at the documentations as I think so far. The biggest selling point to me is they got an API. They got an API. And if they got an API that means they want us to win more or maybe the others don't want us to win. Let's go ahead and see the documentation. You can see get API keys. Okay, I already have a public account. Get instant access. I do not have one. API is now available for all public members. No approval required. To generate your key and start building, go to account settings, securities, API. Okay, that seems pretty easy. Earn rebates on option trades. earn up to 10 cents per stock and ETF. So, that's cool. You get like a market making rebate. Robin Hood, none. Charles Schwab, what is that? Fidelity. Who are they? Fees. Fees. Okay, so it's a 5-cent fee or a rebate probably if you're a maker, but we'll look into that. Trading fees for competitors were taken from their website. 310 boost your rebate every month. API rebate up to 9,999 stocks, tier 1, tier 2, tier three, tier four, 10,000 stocks and most ETFs. Okay, so I mean that's pretty cool. Not only do they give you API, but you get a little bit of a rebate. And you know, we see that occasionally in crypto. So, it's good to see it here. Instant buying power of 250 rocks, 99.99% uptime. Our partnership program gives you the tools to integrate a public into your own product. So you can create powerful trading experiences for your users. What is an options trading API? An options trading API lets developers and traders access and execute options trades programmatically. With our API, you can get real-time execution access to option chains. So that's nice. you get the option chain. Um, that gets me thinking already because that's valuable data and support for multileg strategies. Perfect for building custom trading tools or automating your strategy. Is the public trading API free? There any fees to use it? The public trading API is free to use and there are no fees for accessing or making calls. However, standard trading fees may apply depending on the type of trade you place. For example, options trades include required man regulatory fees. So, this is big, dude. This is big. A new age platform, you know, that's why I look at public. I I know what you know. I know what you know, dude. I know what you know. They've been around for a few years and feel like they're competing with Robin Hood. But that's just like the marketing that I've been presented, right? It's like the new age stock trading platform. We have Robin Hood and we got public. But I've never used public. But this is the first reason for me to even think about using public is the API. So I'm glad to see it because I think it's actually super whack that Robin Hood does not give us the API. It's super sketch. Just think about it, dude. You say you're for the people, you name yourself Robin Hood, but then you don't give the people API access. That's crazy. That's crazy. By the way, I have a disclaimer as well. This is not financial advice. I'm not a financial advisor. So, please go ahead and read that. Pause the video here. Read that disclaimer. Read their disclaimer one more time as well. Just have a disclaimer section here. Disclaimer then disclaimer. Disclaimer. Disclaimer. Here's another disclaimer for you. That's theirs. You saw mine. Pause the video. Take that seriously. Thank you. Can I trade equities using the public API? Yes, you can use the API to trade equities. Please review the documentation. So, I noticed they are pushing the options here on this landing page, but that's good to see. You can trade equities as well. Options are level two. You know, it's a deeper set of math. I say step one is equities and curious if they have futures as well. We'll see. What markets and instruments does the API support? Our API is free to use and currently support stocks, ETFs, options, trading. >> If you want a pair of shoes and at the store, they're really at the store. You just don't have it yet. It ain't like that [ __ ] don't exist. It's just really at the store. That's how I looked at my whole life. But if I want it, if I believe I can have it, then that's my reality. So stocks, ETFs, options, index options, and crypto. So plenty of exposure. You can also trade fractional shares and access extended hours. Does the options trading API support real-time data? The public trading API provides real-time quotes, count balances, and execution. You can monitor positions, track open orders, and review historical activity in real time. How can I automate options trading using the public API? You can automate your options trading strategies by integrating the API into your trading system. Use it to place real-time trades, set conditions for entry, exit, and analyze options changed by symbol. So I mean if this is free if this is a free API okay straight up okay you can get real time quotes account balances if you end up trading here execution of course real time quotes means real-time data and in real time I can tell you that a lot of you have asked me where do you get real-time data so I mean we have options data already and we have equities data That's interesting. Can I trade crypto with the public API? Yes, you can trade crypto with the API just like stocks, ETFs, and options. Okay. Okay. I don't see any Q&A about historical data. That's interesting because they're in so I don't know being able to get live data is nice especially for equities. I don't know if they have provide that. We'll see. Let's go. I'm really going to be in the docs today as I approach any new platform. I don't even sign up until I I'm convinced by the docs at the end of the day. It's just how it is. Just how it is. Now that we're developers So, let's get started. Welcome to the public API. Uh, trade stocks, ETFs, options, index, options, crypto, and corporate bonds programmatically commission free with rebates on every options contract. Get your account info in one request. Okay, so can get account info. I'm curious about what the account signup is. We'll see if I get there. See if it's easy. Tools and integrations. Get started faster with our SDK. AI agent integrations and developer tools. Okay, so Python SDK. This is interesting. MCP servers. Connect your public account to Claw Desktop using MCP. OpenClaw agent. Trade with your public account using the OpenClaw AI agent and agent skill. Perplexity agent. Use the Perplexity Perplexity computer agent skill to trade and manage your portfolio. I've never used Perplexity before. I know it's crazy. Perplexity Trading Agent. Getting started with Perplexity Trading Agent. Learn how to get started with the official public API. What is the Perplexity Computer? Perplexity Computer is a cloud-based AI system designed to function as a general purpose digital worker rather than simply answering questions. It creates and executes entire workflows, automated tasks that can run for hours or even months. It combines deep research, multimodel orchestration, and advanced automation into a single system with sub aents handling everything from web research and document generation to data processing and app integrations. This makes it a powerful tool for investing and trading applications. Its ability to run parallel research across multiple sources means it can simultaneously analyze earnings reports, monitor macro indicators, track news sentiment, and synthesize that data into actionable insights, all without manual input. Workflows can be scheduled or triggered by conditions, enabling continuous market monitoring rather than point intime snapshots. Connecting your public.com brokerage via an agent skill takes this further by closing the loop between research and execution. Rather than switching between tools, Perplexity Computer can pull live portfolio and account data to contextualize its analysis against your account or your actual holdings. Monitor positions and trigger alerts based on price movements or portfolio thresholds and execute trades automatically when predefined conditions are met. The result is a fully integrated investment workflow from data ingestion and analysis to order execution orchestrated within a single system. Set up a Perplexity account. Have you guys used Perplexity's computer yet? Throw one in the chat. Oh, one in the chat if you've used Perplexity's computer because I still haven't used it. Zero zero. I heard it's pretty far. You guys are smart for throwing a zero in the chat. I even asked for that. You guys are always ahead of me. I appreciate being around you cuz you always speed me up. I asked for a one, they put a zero and I know exactly what you're talking about. Thank you. So, nobody here has used Perplexity Computer yet. Um, I've heard a few people throughout the day has used Perplexity Computer. Um, I'm interested in it. I don't think this is the route I want to take this though as um before you automate something, you must fully understand it in my opinion. So, I want to go ahead and keep pushing through the documentations and see if I can pull some alpha out of them because that's the that's the great thing as an algorithmic trader. You can pull a lot of alpha just by reading docs. So, we're going to see exactly what this API can do. I need to understand it. Then I can go back to the whiteboard and make that decision of switching brokers. And ideally, ideally, there's something unique here that we find today that we can't get anywhere else. I've already seen a couple teases of it, but we'll see. We'll see. We'll see. I'm just happy we finally have like a new age platform that actually has API, you know. Let me get the keys in the chat here because I know it's been a minute now. So, every day you come live, I do throw the key in the chat. Maybe that's not forever, but it's for now. So, you get the app as well. Let's go ahead and click unlock app. Beautiful. I'm actually going to restart this because I think it's time. I think it's time. Made some updates here. So, let's just go ahead and quit this app. Get up out of here. Please go ahead and launch the app. Thank you. Made some updates to the app over time. So, I want to go ahead and actually use it really quickly to help me out with some of this good code here. Got all our things open. Perfect. Okay. So, I'm just going to I'm going to ask Cloud a couple things so we can kind of double team this. Can you go ahead and um launch an agent to go through the public API and try to pull some alpha out of it? Some things that may be unique that might not be accessible on other trading APIs. I want you to be my eyes on the street here and dive deep. Here is the actual documentation. Think like Jim would. Jim Simons. >> If you want a pair of shoes and they're at the store, they're really at the store. You just don't have it yet. It ain't like that [ __ ] don't exist. It's just really at the store. That's how I looked at my whole life. If I want it, if I believe I can have it, >> then >> then that's my reality. Okay. So, I'm going to have her fistless, but I'm going to satellite it out to everyone for all five of these. I'mma satellite it out because I'm going to have I now have five agents going through the public API docs as well. So, you know how I go. I'm either researching new ideas or back testing those ideas. When I find good things, I then incubate them in bots. If they do well, awesome. Let's scale them up. If they don't, let's keep it pushing. Today is a good day of research here because within every exchange there's some sort of alpha there. Everybody does it a little bit differently. Let me get the keys and everything into the chat now while she is running through public stocks and then I am going to also go through public stocks. Okay, the keys are now in the chat. Much love to you. Okay, let's keep going through here. So, OpenClaw agent. I'm curious to see what they said here, like where where their mind is at. OpenClaw trading agent getting Open Claw set up with the public agent skill. So, they built a skill for it. learn how to get started with the official public agent skill for OpenClaw. We'll go through step by step. So, OpenClaw, I wonder I'm just curious if this is reflecting the same thing as Open Computer is an open source personal AI assistant that helps you self-host on your own machine or in the cloud. Works around the clock with help of public agent skill. Open clock can interact directly with your public account. Pull live portfolio data. Monitor positions and execute orders. I cook harder than open claw and perplexity, but that's a very gil foil thing to say. I see it in the future though. I'm right there. I'm locked. Got the computers ready. Will scale up when needed. I think it's important to understand everything yourself first. Generate a new access token. Okay. So, looks like you got to generate an access token here. Then you got to get account balance. And then you place your first order. trading agent. Trading agent open claw. Oko these are examples here. See what the quick starts looking like. So authorization here. So just pass in your secret. Okay. Re receive an access token. Okay. making your first request response format. So it should send back a cache error handling. Okay. Examples change log SDKs and tools. I want to see all of their different calls they have. And then I actually want to go ahead as well and do this. I'm going to do this first actually. So, let's go here to trading bots. Mundav trading bots here. Okay, I'm already in there. Um, let's go ahead and make a new tab of it. Bring it on over here. Okay, let's say uh T and then C and then give it that same uh public docs here. I want you to go ahead and look through these documentations and then go look through my nice funs files. I probably have two or three of them. Maybe one for Solana, maybe one for Hyperlquid, maybe one for um even Interactive Brokers. Um yeah, look at the interactive broker stuff as well. Um anyways, these are also got one for extended. I got one for I got one for pretty much everything. Look at all the nice funks because those are the nice funks. Those are like the utilities, right? I need those for every single bot I ever build ever. And um I want you to go ahead and go through these documentations here on public. I'm making the decision on whether I want to uh use public as a broker because they do have API when all when not all the the interactive brokers is my alternative and it's built in 1942. So, I just need to quadruple check that it has all of the functions I need to rebuild my nice funs file and just be clear on which ones it does have versus which ones it needs. Thank you. And then I'm just going to go search for it as well. We got them. So, we got six cooking here. Let's go ahead and keep it going. Keep it going. Keep it going. Examples. Change log. Okay. Create personal token. Get accounts. Okay, so retrieves the list of financial accounts associated with authenticated user. So this brokerage retirement high yield cash accounts. The response contains objects that represent each available account. Note the account ID returned by this endpoint is required for subsequent API operations. It serves as a stable persistent identifier for the lifetime of the account. Okay. So we got some nice Python examples. Glad to see. Glad to see. Import requests. Okay, call their API. No worries. Simple, simple stuff. Response equals get response. Uh, throw in those headers. Print the response. And we get all of our account IDs. That's going to be the number, account type, brokerage, you know, they're like a a real broker. So, they got probably multiple account types. They said here, brokerage, retirement, high yield cash accounts. us crypto guys, we got one account. It's it's one key, one account. So, this is doesn't look at anything. It's not hard to deal with. It's account type. It just tells you your account type. Um, let's see what else they have here. So, get account portfolio v2 retrieves a snapshot of spec specified accounts portfolio including positions, equity breakdown, buying power, and open orders. The account must exist and belong to the authenticated client. Okay. So you get your account ID back, account type, buying power. So obviously for every bot, if you go ahead and go to the road map.com/roadap, I gave you that key already. So just put your key in there. When you show up at the zooms, you get the key. Say no thanks for now. And this is the process I follow here. process to automate your trading starts with the research of trading strategies. Alpha generation techniques and I would argue today is is that we're we're diving into the docs of a new brokerage seeing if we can find anything enticing enough to start trading on the API. Then when you can back test those ideas to see if they actually work in the past. if they work in the past. They're not guaranteed to work in the future, but much more likely. So research, then back test, and then incubate small size and scale up from there. And one of the things here, buying power, equity, positions, these are all very important because when you're going through the process of finally building out your bot, execution is half the game. That's why back tests are solid. But can you execute correctly? So, we got to make sure that they have all the functions here that we need. Buying power, of course. How much cash do you have to trade? equity. This is showing all of your Okay, you got your cash, you got your stock, options long, options short, bonds, crypto positions. This shows all your positions. And what happens a lot of time is, at least for me, and this is why I put this road map together, is I'll forget silly things like check to see if you're in a position before you actually enter the position. Because if your bot is looping all day and it doesn't check if it's in position before it puts in an order every single time, then you're just going to drain yourself cuz you'll just put an order and order and order. cancel all orders before opening positions. Okay, I am sure they have that, but we'll see because I set out this agent to go do a full frisk based off of my actual functions that I built and you got a lot of you guys have access to that GitHub. So, you see all the other exchanges I've built for. Okay, so instruments, you can see the different instruments symbol name type. So you pass in the symbol apple maybe name string. >> Your time is limited so don't waste it living someone else's life. >> Now this is the interesting thing is with this API you do have access to equities options crypto. I think their bonds are coming soon. Anyways it looks like it has most of the things we need here. What time uh how much it how much quantity and what time it was opened. I like that actually. See that's deeper than we get. Don't know if Hyperlid even has that current val value. Okay. Percent of per portfolio here. That's also nice actually. These are two unique things opened at and percent of portfolio. Last price. Let's look at how they get the last price. Last price and time stamp. Okay, that's Gucci instrument gain here. Gain value gain percentage time stamp position daily gain here gain value gain percentage time stamp cost bases unit cost gain value gain percentage last update. Okay, this is um pretty robust thus far. Everything that I see so far is good, but I want to see what the AI says after I go through these because I like to just be a human still. See what I see, make connections that maybe the AI might not make. I don't know if that's right, but regardless, we got to do something these days. We got to be able to do something. Let me get the keys again into the chat. I see some new people flying through mundab.com if you want to join. So orders um side st status quantity notional value expiration limit price stop price closed that close indicator um field quantity average price legs reject reason. Okay, so this is a lot of data. Nice. Buying power, equity, positions. Okay, orders. This is what market orders, limit orders, stop limit. Bunch of responses here. Partially filled. Okay, so it's going to be super easy to handle response backs expiration here day or good tell cancelled good tell delayed good tell good tell done expiration date only used when time enforces good tell cannot be more than 90 days oh good tell Hey, that was fun. Okay, so you can have multi legs. This is interesting. Buy, sell, open, close, indicator, ratio, quantity, reject, reason. So, seems like it's going to be pretty easy to build for this, but I'm very curious what the AI finds as well because, you know, I can do my eyes, but her eyes are better. fetches a pageionated list of historical events for the specified account. Supports optional time range filtering and pagionation via a continuation token. So parameters here, target account ID, start time, end time, pad size. Get all instruments. Okay. Retrieves all available trading instruments with optional filtering capabilities. retrieves all available trading instruments with optional filtering capabilities. This endpoint returns a comprehensive list of instruments available for trading what type of securities they are etc. Damn. get um I would be curious to run this but I'm not set up dude I'm not set up responses instruments here instrument show instrument trading fractional trading that's cool that's new and I like new things you know fractional trading trading through an API. Never done that. Options trading, buy and sell options, liquidation only. So maybe that's like um reduce only is a scary word. Scary word if that's a reduce only. Scary word coming from crypto. Scary, bro. That's scary. I'm not throwing that liquidation only in there. No way. I'm assuming this is reduce only but option spread trading available options liquidation only get licked shorting available the short selling availability not shortable easy to borrow so these are responses here okay get instrument here Um, what I do like about this is you do have access to options and equities. So that's cool. Market data here. Let's see. This returns market quotes for a set of instruments. Requires the market data scope available to individual investors. Supports equities, options, cryptos, and index. Okay. Show the attributes here. Responses show child attributes. Equity options multilleg instrument crypto all outcome last. Okay. Bid. So you get the bid. You get the bid size. That's nice. The ass size volume. Okay. Open interest is nice. Yep. Open interest. That's good. So that must be for options, right? Open interest. Open interest. OI oi is in options as well. Yeah. The total number of options contracts that are closed or delivered on a particular debt that are not that are not. That's the key right there. I skipped the knot that are not closed. That's open interest. Kind of like a hyperlquid. Similar. I guess those are people that have their orders open and are at risk. One day change represents the one day price change data for a quote I mean what do you guys use what do you guys use for public like sorry I was going to say for public brokers but like yeah you know what I mean public stocks what brokers do you guys use for stocks and I got I started with Interactive Brokers on this whole journey because that was the only content to learn how to get your automated trade going here. This was like six years ago, five, six years ago. So, I've got the interactive brokers rails set up. Anybody have API rails set up on any other platform? I looked into TDM trade one time and it was just was too tough. I thought Robin Hood would have a good experience but they just don't have an API which is sketch. So get options expirations here. Retrieve options expiration dates returns available option expiration dates for a given instrument requires market data scope available to individual investors. Okay. Get options chain. So this is nice that you're able to get the options chain returns the options chain for a given instrument. So to me like straight up just having this access access token inactive log into your public.com account. This is alpha right here. This is alpha right here. Just having the options chain because a lot of people weren't going to spend the time to do the math on options but guess what? We got AI now. So, she could do the math. Now, it's probably not going to be like super super high level, but it's better than I could do or better you can do. So, this might get me to just sign up. It might just get me to sign up. Dude, I've got my note sheet here, so I'm kind of taking down ideas of how I would use the API. and just straight up if it's a nice on boarding or use the option chain and if I start using the option chain what happens when you start using the data you come up with ideas that hey you got to build bots for at least back test at least option chain is available on public >> still to be happy about >> you're up too old Job's not finished. Job finished? I don't think so. >> I wonder if there's like a minimum in your account that you must hold. I know it's like there's a bit of a minimum on Interactive Brokers you got to hold in order to get the option change for free or the data for free really. So, order placement here. Calculates the estimated financial impact. Multileg calculates the estimated financial impact of a complex multi-league trade before execution. Okay, so that's pretty neat. You can have like a pre-flight place order, submits a new order asynchronously for a specified account. So it's just this call account ID. You are using your live production account. These commands will execute real orders in your account. Proceed with caution. Okay. I mean, that's pretty chill, though. Doesn't look too hard. Replace order here. Replace, cancel or Yeah, cancel or replace an existing order. Okay, so this is interesting. Cancel order here. So again, if we go back to the road map, I've got all these little things that I just I forget to do all the time. Cancel all orders before opening a new one. Like that just happens. You'll go on a loop and then you'll look back and like you have a a huge position because you didn't cancel the order first. Now, what I'm seeing here is a good little call. Actually, replace order. Now, I don't in in any of my systems, I don't have a replace order function. So, this is nice a nice to have in the road map and everywhere else. I show you to cancel the order first and then put in a new order. So, that's cool. And then the multi-le orders is also something unique. And then get order. I'm assuming this is fetches the status. Yep. The status of those orders. And then cancel order. So, this has more than We'll see. Let's see what the AI says. But for my brief little rundown, let's look at it. Add risk controls to a bot. So, you're always looking at your P&L. I know that they have that. We saw that you could see your P&L, of course. I mean, add strategy to bot. That's not their part. They can they just need to be able to execute limit or market orders. Actually, didn't see anything about limits or market orders. Let's see. Place order here. Account type, order ID, order type, limit, market stop, stop limit. They got that. Perfect. Just going straight down the list here. See if it fulfills everything I need. Check position and only enter if none. So, we saw the get position. We saw cancel and replace orders, which is new. Decimal adjustments. I'm sure this is not a problem over there like it is in crypto cuz you got all these different symbols in crypto with all these different decimals. Um, it's a little probably a little more unified over there, but I had to get my hands dirty for this one. Uh, the way to open orders, it even has a deluxe order. It seems like a multi-leg order. I had to like It's a little duct tape duct tape together here in crypto to do like deluxe orders, but it seems like you can do multi legs over there. Set up while true. This is your thing. Turn any debugging. Okay. Launch with tiny size. That is a good question. I wonder what the smallest size you can have here. Wonder what the smallest size is. Probably that's a good question, dude. I don't want anybody to go just think, hey, now that you know how to code, you could build a profitable bot or you could just send your idea to Open Claw or Perplexity or any of that. This is hard work. We're chasing the $31 billion man. If it was easy, everybody would do it. That being said, it's doable. It's absolutely doable. And I personally believe if you're trading by hand right now, now this just is my my belief, you got two options. Stop trading or automate your trading. If your strategy actually works, a robot can execute it better than you. Remove all emotions and just watch watch your bot perform or not perform. If it doesn't perform, kill it. But that goes back to my point which I do like about crypto is the minimum size is very low. So I'm assuming that the minimum here is probably one stock. No, it's even less. It's even less, right? Because they have fractional shares. So I think that is going to be fine. I didn't see any minimums along the way, but I did see fractional shares. Okay. Options Greeks. This is another very interesting thing because again it goes back to the options chain. The options chain is not easy to get. It's usually not free and you could do some math on the options chain. C flow I know a lot of out out here a lot of um they're called options flow traders and you know they trade 100% off that. Okay. Okay, we can get that data now. But even better, we got the Greeks again to that point of maybe 5 years ago. I mean, for myself, okay, 5 years ago, I stayed away from options. I knew there's some math in there that if I could geek out on math, I'd be really good at math. I could probably pull some alpha. I knew that, but I wasn't great at math. But now we have AI. And you can see here, you can get the Greeks Now, what are the Greeks? Well, that's where the uh like how hard do how bad do you want this? How bad do you want this? You can see the responses here. We get the Greeks. That's pretty far. And everybody, including myself, is like Greeks. Oh, look at those numbers. Yuck. You just got to memorize it. Delta how much they move per dollar of stock that moves the out the money delta is like between 0.1 and.3 at the money mid it's like 0.5 in the money is like 1 1.0 know delta pretty much the lower the delta equals the more leverage gamma the rate delta changes when it goes your way gamma accelerates delta or it collapses it theta time decay this is an important one this is a very important one in my book I'm not a financial adviser so I can't tell you anything, but you want to see the rate of decay, right? If it's a.4 theta, that's time decay. You lose 40 cents per contract per day. And that's where people get smoked on options. They don't even look at these Greeks. They're just like, yolo, GME, baby. GME. So, theta I feel like is for me, that's the one I look at most. It's time decay. And the example is if it's 50 Veta then you're losing 50 cents per contract per day and remember option contracts times 100 Vega sensitivity to IV so for example Vega equals10 news drop IV spike in options goes to 10 * 0.1 equals $100 per so 50 to 60 and then I have on my notes like I have note right here. I'm reading I have a piece of paper because we we explored this dude. Chasey Jim Simons. I explore everything. I got this nice thick printer paper here that I just write important notes on. And knowing the delta, gamma, theta, vega, it's important. I know that. It's just it's hard. This game is hard. It's absolutely not plug and play. It's hard, but it's worth it because nothing is harder than staring at these charts all day trying to predict if the price is going to go up or down. This is a waste of time. you building on any API, learning how to code, trying your ideas, that compounds. I don't know about you, but I spent my first 2014, 2015, five, seven years. Turning by hand, just trying to guess Eventually, I realized I had to stop. I met somebody who was trading a billion dollars per day algorithmically. I was like, "That's the way." But there's a learning curve. You have to learn how to code. I still think you need to learn how to code even though we have >> I knew I was going to make it. I just ain't know how. >> But I knew this world is what you make it. You create your own environment. It all starts with a vision. What you can imagine, you can create. >> You've got AI, but you have to learn how to code still. You want to get the most out of AI in my opinion. But I don't know. I don't know because I've I knew how to code two years before AI came out and then I became a pro coder. I went from lowlevel junior dev to like mid-tier dev GPT. So, I want to go through all of these. I've got five different prompts, six different prompts, five of the same prompts and one different one. I want to kind of skim through these to see if they found any extra alpha here on the public API because I just went through it myself and I have some good ideas and some good notes. So now I'm going to go back to my whiteboard and see how I'm going to attack it. But this is going to bring it all together here. And the last thing we'll go through is we're going to directly compare my GitHub here. I have a GitHub and this GitHub here has connection to a bunch of exchanges that I use here bots. Okay. So you can see here extended, hibachi, hyperlquid, interactive brokers, lighter, pacifica, solana. I pretty much sent her and I said, "Hey, look at the utility folder of each of these folders." So my utility folder is always called nice funks because they're nice, dude. Nice functions. Just is what it is. Scroll through here. AI AI go through here on each one of my actual projects, compare it to the documentation. Let's see if they have everything I need in order to build cuz I see that they have some enticing API calls. But first, let's say, hey, go through as Jim Simon, see if there's any cool ideas. So, here's what the deep dive uncovered thinking like Simon's short borrow rate data. The API exposes real-time hard to borrow percentage. Woohoo. already already borrow rate data. So to me, borrow rate data is a lot like the funding rate. Most retail APIs do not give you this. Borrow rate spikes are a leading indicator for both long and short squeezes. Yeah, I'm going to I'mma snipe that. Take that whole note here. I like this one. Okay. Liquidation risk signal. When Public.com's internal risk team flags a stock, its trading status flips from buy and sell to liquidation only. This is a proprietary brokerage risk decision that leaks before the market fully prices it. Scan the full instrument universe every few minutes. Okay, I was wrong about liquidation risk. And you've got an early warning system. So, I'll have to look into this, but this is exciting as well. If they're telling me a a position, a symbol is liquidation only and I can trade that symbol on another exchange that's alpha, right? It's like, oh, this this is whatever. Like, it's only in liquidation mode. That could be good. That could be good. These are good ideas. We'll have to obviously dive much deeper into them. SSR plus locate inventory. The pre-flight endpoint reveals uptick rule. Short sale restriction active max quantity for locate and marginal requirements decline and locate inventory plus active SSR equals short squeeze. That's a good idea too. Options rebate edge. Okay, so you do get a rebate here. So that's fire, you know. I don't I don't want to depend on rebates, but it's nice. It's nice to um nice to have. And some people do. That's the thing. if you're trading up a jillion times a day. Okay, strategy ideas here. So, signal source ACV right rate spikes. Yeah, I mean this rate spike one is good. I like that. That's a good idea. So, I feel like you did your job here. Thank you. So, let's move on to the next one. I just need one idea from each and I'm happy. So, short rate again, best edge. Yeah, this is this is good that they und discovered this. I didn't put that together. I saw it. I didn't put it together. No, actually, no, I did not see this. I did not see this. I saw this. I saw this and I thought it was the wrong thing. So, there you go, dude. I'm just here. I'm just here longer than you. Just research more. Just take this stuff seriously, dude. come across come across this uh beta and stuff. I got the note right here. Full IV surface reconstruction batch greets Greeks and points handles 250 contracts requests. You can reconstruct the entire volatility surfaces detect skew. Ooh, I like that. 200 250 contracts per request. So you can recreate the entire volatility surfaces, detect skew anomalies, term structure inversions, and unusual OI buildup systematically. Okay, that's interesting. So I got that one on the note sheet as well. Instrument status transitions, covers equities, options, cryptos, bonds. Okay. So, no historical open high, low, close volume, no websocket, no L2. But I don't think L2 is um necessarily shown very often to to retail. I don't know though. I don't know. Another reason I I usually trade crypto is just we get more data. You know, no historical open high, low, close volume data. Whoever adds this dude gets everybody. I mean, I don't know the intricacies of getting that data out, but whoever adds this historical open, high, low, close volume data to retail wins everybody instantly. But that's hard to do because that's expensive data. And there's I mean, it's just numbers. It's just it is just numbers. It is just numbers. Somebody could do it for sure. Somebody could do that. You win. Honestly, public.com's API is a clean execution API, not an alt data gold mine. Okay. Yada yada hard to borrow rate. IV surface reconstruction. Okay, perfect. Okay. Options rebate har har har har har har har har har har har har har har har har har har har har harvested. We've seen that public pays you. So this is big and I know some of you are I I I hear you guys ask for this all the time. Where can we get paid maker fees? This is a maker fee. You just have to trade options. So, I hope that's helpful for somebody here. 777 to you, Ghana. How are you? Good to see you. Cross asset single API. That's nice. Pre-flight is nice as well. Nice to have. No historical data. No websockets. Interesting. There's no websockets, but it's I think it's fairly new. So, costefficient multi-asset execution. I think so far the the way things I want to do is I want to build something with the option chain. I want to build something with that short borrow rate. I want to have a u Yeah, I want to reconstruct the the Greeks. They said full IV surface reconstruction. I want to dive deeper into that. That sounds smart and I I kind of see how that's going because again, the Greeks tell you a lot and most people's including my eyes glaze over when you see all those numbers. So that's why I had to write it down on this piece of paper and I keep it right next to my desk because every time I come across then I can just read it real quick and maybe learn it by the time I'm 60. But I know for a fact that it shows supply and demand. So if I could do that for 250 endpoints at a time, you can reconstruct some big stuff here. So, those are the three things that I really like so far that, you know, I'm not a financial advisor. I don't want to tell you where to trade. And they've got their disclaimers as well. I should probably say them again. I'm going to say them again. So, before we go through the rest of this, let's go ahead and get their disclaimer on the screen. And let me go ahead and uh say their disclaimer one more time just in case you came in here late here today. Thank you for coming through. This has been uh sponsored by Public. they were kind enough to sponsor this segment. Um, that said, I only take on any sponsorships that I would seriously think about using. I told you the story. Uh, I lost trust with Robin Hood years back with the whole GME thing. I think a lot of people did. Um, I learned how to I'll go trade on Interactive Brokers and I went straight to crypto after I learned because markets are markets and you got to optimize for fun. So, I have the connections interactive brokers. I could get set up there pretty easily. That being said, um, I love the the newageness of Robin Hood. I've seen public in in the space for a long time. Never had a reason to switch. Um but then they reached out and they said that they had an API. So that made it interesting for me. Now you can read the disclaimer of theirs on the screen. The verbal disclaimer is this is a paid partnership with public.com brokerage services provided by open to the public investing inc member FINRA. >> Stay to be happy about. >> You're up too old. >> Job's not finished. Job finished? I don't think so. >> I don't think so. Brokerage services provided by Open to the Public Investing Inc. member of FINRA NSIPC. Investing involves risk. This reflects my personal experience and is for educational purposes only, not investment advice. Options trading entails significant risk and is not appropriate for all investors. Please review the options disclosure document available through the OCC as well as the options rebate terms and coordinations terms and conditions at public.com/disclosures. Okay. So, okay. And then I have my uh thoughts about that as well. So, I'll tell you them now. Again, uh options are don't trade options by hand. Okay, that's the first thing. I mean, I can't give you financial advice. I'm just saying options are sketch. And if you find an edge in options, they provide tremendous leverage, which is great. But if you have no edge, you'll lose all your money. So, just be careful. Okay. They also have this public.com. py which I do want to look through, but okay. They do have async. Okay. Example options. example order subscription example price subscription. Okay, so they have some good examples. I would throw this in my AI. I'll look through them briefly. I do need to get through the rest of these last things. I have API secret def main. Okay, option expiration requests here. So, all of the volume is flowing to options. So, I understand why they're moving forward with options here. You know the risk though, right? It's the same risk as using more leverage. So, I'm not a financial adviser and we've all been smoked in the past, including myself, with options, with leverage on hyperlid. But out of that, I learned that, hey, I'm just going to step away from the casino and build my own. That's what got me to automate my trading. leverage and options are very high leverage, very high, especially when you get to the zero DTE. So, it's very, very crucial. I know it is enticing that they pay you per trade, but it's crucial, crucial, crucial. Don't deploy anything to the live market until you go through a process similar to this. Make sure You're researching, finding a bunch of good ideas, taking the ego away. I know you're smart, but it doesn't translate to trading. You have to come up with a bunch of ideas and then just follow the data. How do you follow the data? You can back test as an indicator. It's not guaranteed if it works in the past, but if it works in the past, it's a much better indicator than some line on the chart. and you at 9:30 in the morning. So, if you are going to trade options, I highly recommend make sure to do your research on a bunch of strategies. Use those Greeks that they give you. Use the option flow they give you. See if it works in the past. If it works in the past, incubate it in a small bot that you're not going to lose your mind on if it doesn't work it like it did in the back test. And then scale up when you see good signs. Scale up slowly. The markets are never going to go anywhere. And I know you and I, we're we're ready to go. We're ready to run. Try to move fast. I get it, dude. But this is your capital. And you must preserve your capital. A true leader will only bring the troops to battle if he knows they will win. Your money are your troops. Be careful out there. All right, let's go ahead and look through these last couple prompts here. And the last one is probably the best one. So, hard to borrow rate again. Okay, so that's the most unique edge that all of the AIS have found. Free options IV surface reconstruction. That's the second one. And then options rebate arbitrage. Now, Public is the only brokerage that pays you a rebate pre-flight conditions for high frequency tra options strategies running near break even. This tips expected value. Exactly. So, if you're near break even with your your options, this tips it. That's beautiful. So, I'm actually going to go ahead and put that there because all four of them have talked about this rebate. I just haven't started options market vacant. So, just is what it is. But it's a great idea because now you just have to get close to break even. It's interesting for me. So far, the public API is when I want to get into options traded or even before it, I'm g have to get it because if you're looking at the right equities, options, that's some predictive power in crypto as well. It is. Or futures. I don't know. I just I'm very bullish on the thought of using options data because it's hard. But I've been saying that for years and just letting it pass me by. So, you know, it's been 3 years. We have AI to make math less hard. But markets will be here forever. Like I said prior, there's no rush to this. You're going to be trading in 10 years. You're going to be on the computer in 20 years. That's why I believe that you should learn how to code. It's the only advice I'd ever give you. What got me to learn how to code? I had a huge problem. I was trading emotionally that I finally met somebody that was like a friend and he was trading a billion dollars a day. So I I had the courage to actually do it. I hope that every day me coming up here, coming up with new ideas, building bots, back test. I hope that encourages you. I'm just a regular dude. That's what it took for me. I tried to learn how to code multiple times. is just like hire somebody. It's a waste of time. But for this stuff, like these ideas that we're coming up with today, well, I got four or five ideas right here that I could go cook up now. And hopefully you have your own ideas. You got to keep that stuff close to your chest, though. Alpha decay. So, moderate alpha, multi-asset universe, stocks, crypto. Okay. SSR uptake rule. That's interesting. Subsecond price streaming CK polling. So what's not in the API? HTB rate scanner. So the consumer app features trading stocks are not exposed through the API. Sentiment. Okay. But would you expect sentiment there? That would be crazy. Um, scan all instruments daily. Build a database of borrow rate changes. Yeah, this is interesting, dude. Okay. So, options rebate build a market maker for public because that's where they pay. Well, let's let's ask what other brokers pay you for options marketing. Uh, I'm connected to Interactive Brokers right now and uh I think what Charles Schwab. Yeah. Just curious. Just curious, dude. Just being a data dog as always. Crown Jewel. Buy sell ratio. Retail order flow. Every stock page on public.com exposes buyell ratio showing what percentage of their users are buying versus selling. This is pure retail sentiment. Okay. Slide with a slide with a sneaky sneak here at the end. Huh. Okay. So, I wasn't aware of that. I've got I've got five. Okay. So, I don't know if this is real, but every stock page on public.com exposes buyell ratio showing what percentage of their users are buying versus selling. This is a pure retail sentiment data that no other brokerage API exposes. Example from today, you can see spy 30% buying, 70% selling. Retail massively bearish contrarian contrarian by question mark. So like you could take the other side of retail. Um AMC meme accumulation here. GME. Okay. So retail's still on the memes, huh? Okay. Tesla neutral. This is exactly the kind of behavioral microructure that Jim Simons would model. It directly measures what the least informed participants are doing. Spy at 3070 is screaming contrarian signal. Yeah, I like that. Let's see here. Let's see what the other um just to compare. So, back to options rebates here. Just for like a options market maker. If you are break even, then now you're profitable. That's just it. Good question, Mundav. Here is the breakdown of who actually passes rebates. >> It's what's called machine learning. So you find things that are predictive. You might guess, oh, such and such should be predictive, might be predictive, and you test it out in the computer, and maybe it isn't, maybe it isn't. You test it out on longterm historical data and uh price data and other things. And then you add to the system this if it if it works, and if it doesn't, you you throw it out. So there aren't elaborate equations. At least not for >> at least not for This is interesting. I've got five great ideas here that I could jam out on for I would say it'd be a couple months. I would say it's a couple months. Now that's the trickiest thing for me, right? Where are you going to allocate your time? We could build anything now. You could build any idea. Me personally, I could build any trading system in the world for any exchange. And ideally, some of you that have learned from me could do the exact same thing. And I learn from you more that you learn from me. Because remember, I'm here every day for the last 5 years with you intelligent engineers, quant developers around me, looking at my code, helping me out. So, thank you. I appreciate you. Much love to you. 777. So this is the one. This looked through all of our uh nice funs files. Again, my nice funks are by utilities and then it is going doing a whole checklist here. Your nice funs core functions you need everywhere across all exchanges. Hyperlid solid pacific, habachi, interactive brokers. So market buy. Yes. Yes. Yes. Okay. Uh market sell. Yes. Cancel order? Yes. Cancel all orders? No. But that's not a big deal. I could loop through and cancel orders. Cancel simple orders? No. Replace order? Yes. See, that's a new one. Good find. Good find. Reduce only. They don't have a reduce only function, but I mean that's a little scary. It's a little scary, but it's not the scariest. It's just I got to be tighter. I got to be more like, you know, you don't want sometimes what will happen in crypto is say you have a $100,000 or something and then you sell 102,000. Now you're negative 2,000. You're in a short of 2,000. Reduce only helps with that, but it's not the biggest deal. You know, you just I'm going to have to have extra checks. And I'm sure they have some sort of functionality that will help. Um function here. Multile is new. Multile options. So again, you can go as deep as you want with this algorithmic trading game. I feel like options using option flow and option Greeks, that's one of the deepest. And plus, when you go multileg, like that's that's very deep. A lot of people aren't going to go that deep. It's very intimidating. I'm intimidated myself. I have this note card trying to force my brain to learn this these Greeks. I didn't mention row, by the way. There are Greeks of delta, gamma, theta, vega, and row. And my notes say ignore row for weeklies. So the only reason I'm I'm interested in options is to get absolute max leverage. I'm not a believer in leverage. I just am building what everybody else is using. Everybody's moving to zero DTE. Got to follow the volume. I think it's sketch, but if everybody's trading there, all the volume's there. I could build a system for that for sure. I wonder if they have zero DTE. Does public.com have zero DTE? Okay, so Public.com share gives a rebate. The OG Interactive Brokers exchange rebates are passed through when you add liquidity. This is a real deal for marketing styles. The rebate varies by exchange, but can be 0.25 0.25 to 60 or 65 on some exchanges for adding liquidity. That's not very they what some exchanges I'm not confident they pass the rebates. Wait, hold up. Interactive Brokers Pro. Let me be specific here on what are the rebates. So you can see I have interactive broker IB right here. Close position manual. Oh, place opposing order. That's fine. Kill switch manual meaning place opposing order. Okay. PNL close. This is the function I built. So some of these are functions I built. Close all orders. All positions. It's a function I built of closing positions after looping. Get position size. They got that, of course. Ask bid. You can get the quotes, which is nice. This is an L here. No historical data. No historical data on public. But historical data is so locked up. It's like by some cabal or something. I don't get it. I don't get it. Okay. current price, supply demand zones, volume spike, get funding rates. Okay, they don't have that, but they have something similar. Stocks don't have this, but what is it called over here? Short borrow rate, maybe. I guess that would only be short, though. But it gives you a little bit of intel like that. Um, get account value. Yes. USD. Okay, that doesn't matter. Set leverage. Uh, it doesn't work like that. I think it's just how many stocks you buy. You can have up to X amount. Say you got 2x leverage on your account. You can buy 2x the amount of Apple stock or whatever. Okay. Liquidations don't need that. Open interest. They don't actually they do have that on options. Okay. So, all of these are just Okay. Option Greeks here. New new option chains okay new new what public does have stocks ETF replace all the things get quotes portfolio positions option change pre-flight no historical data is the only thing that is missing no cancel all orders but that doesn't matter uh no reduce only orders uh that's just I got to be a little tighter but I have to get in there and start working with no orderbook data but they do have options data websocket streaming no websocket streaming no leverage margin But they I think they do give you some leverage. I mean options are leverage but yeah there's no like straight up hyperlquid leverage that's not for the states I believe. No stop limit bracket no interest open interest or liquidation data. Okay. So I'm curious what's going on here. fixed zero flat 65 paid to you. So look at this dude. I think this is the the thing. Let's see here. What you actually get commissions per contract. On top of that, you pay a pass through fees. The rebate reality check. Here's the critical part I was wrong about earlier. IBKRS tiered commission models are not intended to be direct passroughs of exchange and third party fees and rebates. IBKR may receive volume discounts and enhanced rebates that are not passed the client. Translation: IBKR pockets the exchange rebates. They don't pass maker rebates through to you. The tiered pricing just means lower commissions at higher volume. It's not a rebate. The scoreboard is this. They pay 6 cents to 18 cents per contract to you, but everybody else makes you pay. I stand corrected from my earlier statement. Public.com is genuinely the only retail broker passing options rebates back to customers. That's actually a real edge for high volume option strategies. So that is fire. If it's the only venue that does that, that is fire. Again, shout out to public. Appreciate you. Thanks for sponsoring this. It is very interesting. Uh you heard the disclaimers. Much love to you. Much love to the team at public. 777 to all.