All right. I'm sure that I'm sure here that you are just trying to trade and trying to figure out a strategy here and maybe you are trading strategy, but you remove your stop-loss, you remove your takerit and you just trade emotionally. So, I finally have built this AI that will essentially go ahead and find profitable strategies for me. All I have to do, and by the way, you get all of this code, so don't worry. I will show you how to get all of the code here in just a bit. Uh, but essentially you get this right here. And I implemented Claude Opus 4.5 because it just got released, but I was using Grock 4 before. And essentially what this does is it loops through my my simple simple ideas and back tests them to see if they actually work in the past. Because as an automated trader, that's how you find profitable trade strategies. your research ideas whether it's from books or papers or YouTube videos and then you back test. Back testing is the process of taking data from the past and and putting it on the strategy that you have. For example, if you say, "Hey, I want to buy when it crosses the VWAP and the ADX is over whatever it may be." Okay. Well, you can actually back test to see if that strategy worked. You can try all of these different strategies and simply just put the ideas in a list here. And you can see these are pretty basic. Or I could put YouTube videos in there. Or I could put papers in there. If I want to get more detailed, that's fine. And essentially this agent that you do get all the code for, so don't worry, I'll show you how to get that in a second. This agent just sits here and right now it's using claw open 4.5, but you can see I was using gro 4 before. Um, you can use any model because we actually have access and uh you get all of this code. Everything you see on my screen is yours. Uh, just lock in for a second. I'll show you how to use it all. You can have access to cloud. Cloud 4.5 was released last night. Deep Seek, Gemini, O Lama if you want to run this stuff internally just for free. You could use OpenAI, any OpenAI models. You can use any XAI models. And then on top of that, you have Open Router. Open router connects to literally every single model in the entire world. So, um, yes, you have all this code access and it sits here and it back tests for me. It's absolutely mindblowing amazing. It uses multiple. It's like a swarm approach. So you can see here it set up two threads because it's testing two of these ideas, but it uses a swarm approach. Meaning one AI is taking the idea, expanding upon it, making sure it's actually a backtestable idea. It creates the research here and writes out the full strategy as it was sending it to its AI quant friend who will then go ahead and back test that strategy. So you can see here it's going to end up outputting these back tests the full code like this. So I can just run it and see how it works. Does it is it profitable or not? Yes or no. Well, if it's not profitable, that's okay because I've built this to be a swarm. So it just keeps iterating, right? So it will go ahead and optimize after it sees that it actually works. So you can see all of these different optimizations. It just prints code for me all day long and it any idea that I have just like any broad idea. You can see I just said ADX. I said calibrated ADX. I said delayed ADX. Any broad idea I just put right here. Or I could be super detailed about it. So you might have an idea that's just like super detailed. Just write it on one line here. And for each line it goes ahead and back tests a new it creates the actual code for a back test. And let me tell you how hard this was before, dude. I had to learn how to code just so I could back test. Just so I could back test my ideas. And it used to take me four to eight hours to code each back test. And you've already seen here, it's already built out the first versions of the back test. That would have taken me 8 hours. And you get all of the code for this. It's in the RBI agent PP Multi. And you can see the whole flow here. I probably don't need to go through all the code with you. You can ask AI about it. But some cool things that I've added to this is multi-threading. You can see here she just finished her first back test. It wasn't a good return. So, she's going to keep optimizing till she's at 50%. But we'll let her go. And the whole idea here is you're probably working to become the greatest trader you can be. So, what if you tested five different ideas per day? Now, before that would have taken like 40 hours. Impossible to do in a day. Now it takes a few minutes. You see how powerful this is? Because now instead of testing one idea a day, you could test five or you could test 10 or you could test a hundred or you could test a thousand. Are they all going to be perfect? Absolutely. Of course not, dude. Of course not. This is a very hard game. It's a vicious game. But if you can save time on the back testing part, dude, you're off to the races. You're already you're already smoking everybody else, dude. because they're spending 8 hours a day to just back test one idea. And now you have a way to back test in a few minutes and get the ideas back quickly, efficiently. I'm using Grock. I'm using Opus 4.5 right now, but I was using Grock because it was fast. It was fast and it it did it well. So you can see Opus 4.5 will take a little bit longer, but at the end of the day, you have all of the code here and you have a road map. So if you don't know how to automate your trading, you have this free road map, how to get the road map, you just go to the website, put your name and email in. You don't have to buy anything. I'll send it to you. The GitHub is in the description as well. It's also on the road map. So if you get the road map, you can have the GitHub, but it's also in the description. How do you use this GitHub? You just go to Moondive AI agents, type that into Google, whatever, or go to the link, click star in order to save it. And to get all of the code, just click fork. And then how do you get that? This AI, this RBI agent. I call the RBI agent because this is my RBI system. I research, back test, and then I implement. Research, back test, implement. So, how do you get that? You simply go over here to the the agent section and you'll be able to see RBI agent PP. That's for parallel processing. RBI agent PP multi. This is literally what I'm running right now. And this literally took me two years to build. I was one of the first to build a swarm with OpenAI way back in the day. And now it just gets better and better because we're able to plug in new models. And my whole idea here is if I build all these things early, the models are going to keep getting better. They're eventually going to be way, way, way better. Two times better. They keep getting better. They've already gotten better since I built this for the first time. So why are they going to slow down? They never will. So if you have all the infrastructure I have, you're going to be on the same same plane as I'm on, dude. And it took me a few years to get here, but you get to get here immediately. And by the way, since you do already have all this code, you could start playing with this today. You could run it locally if you don't want to spend any money. And if you want me to hold your hand through the process of automating your trading, I do have that boot camp as well. I would recommend jumping in because there's there's no risk to it. There's a 100% 90-day money back guarantee. So, you can go learn everything exactly how to automate your trading step by step in the next 15 days. And then if you don't like it for any reason, you get your money back. Check out our Trust Pilot. Check out our reviews on Google. Uh that is a 100% no questions asked money back guarantee. I show you step by step how to automate your trading. Even if you've never coded before, I didn't know how to code either. I just had to remove my emotions out of my trading. You know how it goes up and down and up and down and you're just chasing. You're removing your stop losses, removing your takeprofits. Now you have an agent here. You can see she's still debugging some of them and she's going to keep going. So, you could have she's already done with the actual job and you can see all the back tests here. But I actually made it extra hard for her. So, she'll never really be done. She'll get you the idea tested quickly. You could go ahead and see one of these here. These are the full back tests that I could just run in my code. They work perfectly. if they made it to this stage, they work perfectly. That being said, I may I'm pushing this AI because I think this AI is only going to get better and better and better and better. So, I have like a 50% return that it has to keep going until it gets there. So, the original idea might be a bunk idea. Maybe it just wasn't a profitable idea. She tells me that quickly. But since I believe this AI is just going to get better and better and better, eventually it's going to start being able to just like print out super duper profitable strategies for any idea. That's my thesis. I don't know if it's actually going to be true or not, but I think each of these ideas, if you work through enough iterations, you can come up with something very profitable. And in that mindset, if these AIs keep getting better, then this whole like this super hard thing that I had her do of like going until 50%. This will just be faster and faster. So, you can see she has multiple optimizations and she'll keep going. But it's really dependent on the idea you give her, right? What strategy are you going to give her? I'm sure you have a ton of ideas in your mind and for the rest of your life, if you learn how to automate your trading and how to use agents like this, then you can go ahead and take a process that used to take me eight hours a day and do it in just a few minutes and get your answers back quickly. The more you shoot, the more you score, right? So, why would you only test one idea per week when you could test one idea per every 10 minutes? You have all of the code now. You've got the GitHub. Hit the star and you'll have it forever. Dude, you are a star.