All right, I want to show you kind of a secret that people don't want you to know about volume. So volume's a pretty good indicator when it comes to trading and some great traders like to say follow the volume. So essentially what I did is I built this agent swarm. So it's six different AI agents. By the way, all the code is here free and I'll show you it all and give you a link to it on GitHub. But you can see it grabs all of the volume from the top top symbols that are being traded on Hyperlid which is one of the biggest exchanges. And then it initializes all of these six different AI models deep claude XAI etc. And in parallel, it asks the models, what do you think about this these volume spikes or the the down movements in volume? And essentially, if you use that hypothesis from, you know, the saying, follow the volume, you're going to be able to see symbols that start to take off prior to maybe where crypto Twitter will hear talk about them. So, for example, you can see here the change in volume here is 21% on hype, but it's 83% here on FAR or it's down 70% here. And you can use these in your trading systems. I'm an automated trader, so I'm always following the volume. And you can see all of their responses here. Open router GLM. So, we use open router so you can connect to any any AI. She says XPL shows the strongest volume acceleration with plus 136%. GPT5 Mini says buy hype. It has by far the largest amount of volume. Claude says XPL. Quen says M. XAI says XPL. Deepseek says XPL based off of volume. Now this is just one way to look at the market. Now, there are other indicators or sources of data you may want to look at as well. I showed you in a video prior how you can see liquidations levels. So, when are traders going to get liquidated? So, now you can follow the volume easily. You can have these AI agents kind of recommend like what to look at based off of this data, but you should look at it as well because you are the king data dog, right? you just have these agents that might be useful along the way. Now, I went ahead and asked them all and also got consensus, but I'll also look at this. So, now you know for those people that are like, "Oh, AI agents can't do this or that." Whatever. Dude, it's six other entities looking at data without bias and more logical than any human could ever be because we're humans. And that's the beautiful part about us is we're emotional and we make connections and we have past past ideas that uh influence our future and that's good but for trading I don't know if it's the best. So having objective views through AI based off of different indicators like volume and if you believe in the follow the volume well the volume is going to show if something starts running or if something is going to be traded a lot it shows prior to it going viral on Twitter or wherever you see YouTube videos whatever you're going to be able to see in the volume. So follow the volume. So, why not you follow the volume, have this run on your computer, just watch it. You don't have to do anything with it yet. Yeah, maybe someday you're going to think of an idea like, "Oh, snap. If the change of in 24-hour volume is bigger than the change in 24hour volume for XRP than it is, Sooie, then I could go ahead and test it to see if this actually works in the past, which is back testing. And if it works in the past, then you could go ahead and build a bot that might come next. But there's no pressure because the markets aren't going anywhere. There's no rush. Markets are going to be here forever and you're going to be a human forever. Those are two certainties and humans have emotions. That's the third. So if you've been struggling with emotional trading, step back for a minute. Hey, markets aren't going anywhere. There's probably a better approach to these markets. Why not take a quantitative approach? have this running every four hours, two hours, whatever. You can see the changes in volumes, 4 hour change, 24-hour change. You can see the price change, come up with ideas, and then you later you can go back test those ideas, see if they actually worked in the past. And you have these AI agents that also kind of hint you towards what may be good. Now, I don't ever talk in certainties because there are no certainties in the market and you know that. So, at the end of the day, I just want to get you all of my code, which I'll start to show you right now. So, you have access to this. I believe code's a great equalizer. I believe if you learn how to code, you'll never have to work for some for someone if you don't want to for the rest of your life because you can build forever. Now, this uses the swarm agent. The swarm agent is also here free on the GitHub. So, I won't go through all this code here of the swarm agent, but the swarm agent is super cool because you see how I was able to import their inputs from six different AIS. Well, I use that swarm agent in all types of different ideas. So, you can think of it as, oh, okay, now now that I have this code, I have this swarm agent that I can call on any time for anything. Okay, I want to give her some volume data today because they say follow the volume. So, let me send that to the swarm. But tomorrow, hey, maybe you're trading on Poly Market and you want to send some no data. Okay, you send the no data. You can see how the swarm agent is the root of that because you can set any prompt to her and she will send it off to all the different AIS, send you back all of their responses and a consensus response. So, I think it's pretty fire. It's all in the GitHub, dude. You can see their responses. Let's just go straight to the GitHub instead of scrolling through the code here. This is the volume agent and the swarm agent is its buddy. So, let's go ahead here and show you where you can find this. The AI agent's GitHub is in the description. It's 100% free. Building all my AI agent stuff, open source. Go hit star, hit the fork in order to get the code. Read the read me if you have a chance. You'll understand everything I'm building here. There's essentially 20 plus agents you can have access to. Click on the agents here and you can have this exact volume agent. It's right here, dude. No API keys needed, nothing. It's using Hyperlid. You can see connecting to the Hyperlid API here. And essentially sets up a directory for the data. And how often do you want to check? I check every 4 hours. That could be every two hours. Just depends on what you want to do, dude. You can see I actually exclude the majors. I only want altcoins on this. Now, you can go ahead and include them if you would like, but I think they're always going to have the highest volume. So, that's why I removed them. I'm looking for anomalies in the market like Jim Simons always said to do. So you can see we just pull in the hyperlquid funding data after looping through and getting all of the tokens. So for a lot of these tasks when you're pulling data from exchanges, you loop through all of the tokens that they have on the exchange and then whatever data you need, you just grab for each. You can see I grabbed the 24hour snapshot here. Calculate the changes here. So, how much has it changed the volume specifically? Because they say follow the volume. If you follow the volume, you're going to see things pop off before everybody else does. And I think that is the point. You can also see the most liquid symbol in order to deploy your strategies on follow the volume. And it's just a great thing to watch all day long cuz then you're you're 100% locked in with the market cuz the volume is literally everybody is just trading that symbol. So imagine you now have this code. You can go ahead and have that terminal up and see all of the volume changes. You're going to see new tokens rise to the top because it just shows the top 15 and you're going to come up with so many ideas based off of volume because essentially you come up with ideas based off of what you input, right? You input a book, you'll probably come out with some ideas. If the book is on volume profile, you'll probably come up with volume profile ideas. If I watch liquidations all day on my screen, what type of ideas do you think I'll come up with? I've got a road map where I show you the system that I use in order to have success in this industry. I'll show you that notion here right after this. It's a road map and you get access to our GitHub as well which is super fire because we're all stepping on the gas. We're all chasing Jim Simons. That's all the code. It's in Moondev AI agents SRC agents and it's volume agent. And remember it's also using that swarm agent. And I can't wait to see what you build. This notion is free here because everybody asked for a road map and a discord. So, if you need an algo trading road map, it's all here. I show you how to code. I show you how to build bots. I show you how to come up with strategies. I show you how to use AI in trading. I give you an invite to our free Discord. That's all on the road map here. I answer a bunch of questions and that system that I follow. I'm either researching, I'm back testing, or I'm implementing into bots every single day. And this whole notion is 100% free. a great book list as well. How do you get it, dude? Just go to algorithamp.com. This is my boot camp where I show you step by step how to automate your trading. But in order to get this free road map, you just put your name and email in. Then I'll send you the road map. You don't have to join the boot camp. Unless you really want to step on the gas and get the short, concise videos and all my code, you don't have to join. and you just put your name and email in and I send you this free road map so you can get started on your own journey and do it alone if you don't want to do it with us. I can't wait to see what you build with this volume agent here. You have all the code now. It's in the GitHub. You also have the swarm agent which is so sick. So sick. There's so many. I'm going to keep building and building. I'll keep adding to the GitHub and you're going to see pretty much everything I'm building these days when it comes to AI. I just import the swarm agent because it's all handled. I can have six AIs tell me exactly the answer I want and then I get six different opinions. And I think that's so so important because you know Chat GBT is different than Grock. You know, Claude is different than Gemini. So, I look at these agents as super inexpensive junior quant analysts that whatever I ask them, it's on me to ask them good questions. It's on me to send them good data. So, over the next week or two, I'm going to try to show you everything I have, everything I've learned in the last four years, and all you have to do is log in with me live here on stream, and I'll show you everything around 8:00 a.m. I'll be here for a few hours each day. Go ahead and step on the gas by hitting the like and the subscribe.