All right, so we've got this fulllength Jim Simons interview and I can't wait. I'm going to take notes this entire time because I think this is how you get better. You find somebody ahead of you. He has $31 billion. I don't have a B yet. Sad face. So, I can learn from him. Jim Simons is the best algorithmic trader of all time. Um, I am a fully automated trader. I used to teach how to do this as well, but I closed that down because I came to the sad conclusion that everybody is using 40x leverage still and everybody is still trading by hand. Yes, it's a big endeavor to learn how to code and automate your trading. Um, I'm not here to convince anybody on that anymore. I'm just using my core app to enter upon liquidations. I'm taking over people's liquidations opposed to just saying buy or sell. So, I'm just using quantitative uh techniques, tactics, whatever to build into a plug-and-play downloadable app. And that just gives me a lot more free time. So, I'm going to study to come up with uh other strategies that I'll I'll still build into my systems. Um, I've been here for 5 years, so I have some pretty good systems that are locked in, allowing me to have some free time to build things like this that will help the majority as there's 100,000 of you here now and 99% of you are still using 40x leverage, something I swore off of, hand trading, something I swore off of. But if I'm going to do it and really help the majority, I'm going to do it quantitatively in an app that you can just download for free and then I'll just spend my time researching because I think the process of automating your trading is research, back test and then implement. So um don't need to talk about that as I am not teaching that anymore. I'm just competing with everybody in the market the way they are doing it with 40x leverage. So let's study while uh we wait for a couple of these liquidations to trigger. You can see I have a when this guy gets liquidated here, I have an entry. And then when this guy gets liquidated here, I have an entry as well. So long or short, I think the market is going to be bouncy for a while. Obviously, I like long better, but um it's not about what I like. Let's listen to Jim. He's got a lot to teach us. >> Should we start at the beginning? >> Okay. >> As a child, were you good at mathematics? Like was was mathematics a natural thing for you? >> It was very natural and I always liked it. I like counting. I like continually multiplying things by two. Although by the time I got to,24 or whatever it is, I was I had enough of it. Uh but uh I like I liked math. I discovered as a very young kid, maybe four, something called Zeno's paradox. You ever heard of Zeno's paradox? My father told me that the car could run out of gas. And I was disturbed by that notion. It never occurred to me. But then I thought, well, it should run out. It could always use half of what it has. And then it could use half of that and then half of that and it could go out forever. and so it would never run out. So no, it didn't occur to me yes, but it wouldn't get very far either. But uh but the idea that in principle you didn't have to run out of gas was uh kind of a profound thought for for a very little boy. >> Were you a talented student? Were you always getting really good grades? >> Well, I was a pretty talented student. I knew I was very smart somehow. On the other hand, I was very careless. So I sometimes screw up arithmetic tests just cuz I did it too fast or sloppily, but I I liked everything about it. I liked everything about math. I loved learning the formulas for the volume of a skier. 4/3 pi r cubed. That I always thought that was a great uh a great formula. When I got to high school, we started with, you know, plain geometry, proofs and theorems. That's where I really got gripped. I really loved that. I loved working on some of the problems were harder than others and I I liked I liked doing that. I was never the fastest guy in the world, but I would plot through it and uh with uh determination. I just I just liked this. >> Did it feel like this was where your career was going to take you or were you like another boy who dreamed of being a a baseballer or something? >> Oh, no. No, no. The only thing I thought about was I would be a mathematician. Whatever exactly that meant. I didn't know quite what it meant except that mathematics was the only subject I really liked. Science was okay, but it wasn't very well taught where I went to high school, at least I don't think so. And uh history, English, I loved to read, but I wasn't a good writer. I read a lot. When I went to MIT, I majored in mathematics, of course, and skipped the first year because I'd had some of those courses in high school. And I even took a graduate course in my freshman year of a second semester uh in math because it said no uh prerequisites required. Oh, no prerequisites. I'll take that course. Had a very hard time getting my arms around that course. I finished it, okay, but I I was very puzzled by some of the concepts. However, that summer I got another book. I got a book on this. This is algebra, but not algebra like solving equations. It was abstract algebra. And then in a week, everything came together for me. I I understood I was no longer puzzled. I understood why they did everything. Other parts of math got me stymied for a while, but typically it would take a some time for me to sort of grasp what it was what they were trying to do. And then uh then it would go very smoothly. So I graduated early from MIT in three years. Did you imagine you would be a professor sitting at a university or like what you had no grasp of what? >> I didn't. Yeah. By by the time that my freshman year was over, I I I kind of realized that's that's what it would mean that someone would pay you for thinking about mathematics and creating mathematics. What I thought earlier was I would would do something that involved mathematics. But it was mathematics that I wanted to major in and I could see quickly that well that's a way if you're going to do that you're going to be a professor somewhere and uh profess. >> You also talked about this week of algebra where everything sort of fell into place. Is that a common thing? Is there is there like is this a a thing that always happens? There's this moment where all the all the cogs move into place and it's like ah I get it now. >> Uh I think yeah there are moments like that. Sometimes you're introduced to a new concept and it's you wonder what's why why are they talking about this? Why why is this concept interesting? And then you think and you see some examples and they say oh yeah okay this is this is really this is really good. A lot in mathematics is making definitions. You'll see things that really could come together under one eegis and and you can define this set of notions. sometimes just uh a structure which which follows all these notions and that's a great way that mathematics has advanced because when you put a lot of things together that have similar characteristics then you can try to prove theorems about the the general set of things rather than some particular example and that turns out to be a very powerful approach. So, uh, making a good definition is a is a good thing. They wanted me to go to Berkeley and get away from MIT, meet some new faculty cuz I was quite close to the MIT faculty and they thought I think they didn't want to get rid of me so much as they thought I was probably pretty good. So, I should get exposed to um a certain guy named Churn who was just coming to uh Berkeley that year and I got this very nice fellowship and I went there. I was very eager to work with Churn, meet Churn, except he wasn't there. He celebrated his first year at Berkeley. He had just come to Berkeley and he celebrated that first year by taking a sbatical. So he wasn't there. So I worked with another guy which which was fine. And by the time churn came in the second year, I was already uh pretty far along with the with the thesis project. I was giving a seminar at the beginning of my second year at Berkeley and in walk this tall Chinese guy and I said to the guy next to me, "Who's that?" I said, "That's Churn. That's Churn." I didn't know he was Chinese. I thought Churn was probably short for Chinowski or something or he was probably some Polish guy who who had shortened his name to Churn. If it had been Chen or Chan, I would have known it was Chinese. But Churn with the R, I don't know. But anyway, uh so I met Churn then and we became uh friends. because I was much younger than he but we became friends and later collaborators. >> Can you give some idea about what your area of specialization is at this point? What what are you zeroing in mathematically on? >> Well, at that point and pretty much thereafter the field that I worked in was called differential geometry. Differential geometry is geometry, but it's the geometry of curved spaces. It's not flat things and plane. It's it's any any shape or or or form, but typically with a with some distance function, so you know how far apart things were. And the basic object to study is what's called a manifold. And a manifold is a lot of pieces of space glued together. So, for example, the surface of a sphere is a manifold. Now, you can't just take one little sheet of paper and make a sphere out of that, but you could glue a bunch of pieces of paper together and make a sphere. So, a manifold is something that locally in your neighborhood looks like it's just regular space. Maybe it's curved a little bit, but globally it's uh it could be quite different. So, and the surface of a tire of a donut for example is fundamentally different from the surface of a sphere. You can't deform one into the other. What really got me onto it is a certain theorem which is called Stokes theorem. Now Stokes theorem is the ultimate I think generalization of what was originally called the fundamental theorem of calculus. Now I don't know if you studied calculus but the basic theorem is if you integrate the derivative of a function. So you take a function you take its derivative first derivative and then you integrate that let's say from a to b well that gets you back the original function. The answer when you integrate the derivative is of f it's well it's f of b minus f of a. That's the answer. If you integrate the derivative of a function you get back the value of the function. Well, that was the fundamental theorem of calculus. Presumably, Newton knew that. Now, that had been generalized into higher dimensions. So, there were other things you could integrate and differentiate and go from boundaries to interiors and so on. And the general statement of that theorem was to me almost breathtaking. It was so beautiful that theorem and that's a a bit one of the basic theorems in differential geometry. And it's about integrating something over the boundary. Uh, and that's the same as integrating something else over the interior, something related to it. It's derivative in effect. It's called it's differential. So there's a whole calculus of things called differential forms and integration and all that and that it takes place in manifolds in general and anything that looks like pieces of space. So I love that theorem and uh that's what got me into differential geometry. >> So was it was it a beauty or an elegance you saw or was it a trophy and a prize you saw that could be chased. >> No, it was just a beauty. It was just the beauty of it. I just liked it. I I learned a fair amount of algebra and that was fine but it didn't grab me but the geometry did. So that's what I uh specialized in and and when I got to Berkeley uh I was fooling around and started I'd made some observations and I mentioned them to my thesis advisor the guy was I was going to work with and he said oh that's interesting that makes me think about such and such a problem that was there was a problem floating around that uh people had been trying and failing to solve but I I thought oh that's very interesting so I started working on that and he advised me not to because so and so tried it and someone else had tried it and those were big shots and I was a little shot but uh I didn't pay much attention to him and I I I solved it and uh just worked through it and worked through it and you know u had a little help along the way with some people but uh but basically I drove that I had done some other mathematics after my thesis work on something called minimal varieties and it was kind of a fundamental paper took me six years to write that paper people were I think thought how could I be take six years but anyway it did and and that turned out to be a very good paper that was where I was coming from at roughly that time frame or a year or two afterwards I went when I was 30 to Stonybrook to be chair of their math department. Stony Brook University was a very new university. They had a rather poor math department. In fact, it was very bad, but an excellent physics department. They offered me this job as being chairman and I thought that would be a lot of fun. In that time frame, I had decided to try to learn something about an area of topology which is related to geometry. It's they're kind of handmaidaidens of each other. Uh called characteristic classes, whatever that might be. And I thought I'm going to just learn these characteristic classes because I didn't really know it and it was important and I wanted to learn about it. So I kind of started from the beginning and worked my way up and I was trying to uh solve a problem as as I later discovered had uh uh intrigued many people and it's never been solved satisfactory. all since I say that you know I didn't solve it either but in the course of trying to do that uh certain terms came up certain uh functions of a sort that began to look just very interesting to me and uh I saw well so they were a pesky term that I couldn't get rid of I needed to get rid of that term in order to make this formula that I wanted but the term seemed to have a life of its own and uh one thing led to another I defined a certain invariant of a threedimensional manifold uh and use that to prove something what's called immersion themsy thing and I showed it to churn said look at these results in three dimensions and he looked at it and said oh well we could do this in all the dimensions because it was an area that he really knew about not the results that I had gotten but the whole the general area so we worked together and we came up with uh with uh well uh this these results this whole structure in fact there's that's uh the slides of the presentation that churn made in uh at the international congress in uh the early '7s it was very nice geometry I pushed on with it and we defined some things called differential characters which was another chapter with working with a guy named Chagger. But the turn Simons invariance about 10 years later the physicists got a hold of it and it it seemed to be very good for what ailed them or whatever might have ailed them. And so and it wasn't just string theory as I developed. It was kind of all areas of physics including condensed matter theory. Uh even some of astronomers seem to want to look at those terms. That's really what's great about basic science in this case mathematics. I mean I didn't know any physics. It didn't occur to me that this material that turn and I had developed would find use somewhere else altogether. This happens in basic science all the time that one guy's discovery leads to someone else's invention and leads to another guy's machine or whatever it is. Uh you know so basic science is at the you know it's a seed corn of our of our knowledge of the world. >> What did it feel like at the time you were coming up with it? Did it just feel did it feel obscure and just like a little diversion and then 10 years later it felt special? >> It never felt like a little diversion. I really liked the I really like the results. I I love the subject but I liked it for itself. I didn't I wasn't thinking of applications. You know, I mentioned to uh CN Yang who was at Stonyie Brook at the time who was a Nobel Prize winning physicist of great renown. I said, I've got these things maybe they'd be useful in physics because I knew the physicists were looking in the same places uh using certain mathematical structures, but he didn't bite and I didn't know how it would be useful. So, I just left it alone. But I was very pleased with the math. And then it led to another set of definitions and some math that I did with this guy Jeff Chica which started as sort of a mini field although I didn't realize it at the time called it's now called differential cohomology and so there's a fair amount of people working in that area. >> What does that make you feel does it become like vindication or what I did was more useful than I thought or like what do you think when it gets used 10 years later or by then you divorce from it and you're like do what you want with other. >> Oh it's always made me feel very good of course naturally you like to think that something you did had farreaching uh ramifications. You know, it was nice, but it wasn't I didn't go to bed dreaming about ah now I've revolutionized physics, which first of all, I didn't revolutionize physics, but but did some stuff there. And uh uh but sure, it made me feel good. actually in the middle of my mathematics career which ended when I was about 37 or 38 uh was that I spent four years at a place called the Institute for Defense Analysis down in Princeton which was a super secret governmentbased national security agency based uh place for code cracking trying to break the enemies whoever it was Russia I guess code machines and cipher machines I spent four years there in Princeton during that time I was working on this remember I said it took me six years to work do all this stuff in minimal varieties I did a lot of it while I was there but I also learned about computers and algorithms uh in the code cracking field. I was no good as a programmer, terrible, but I was pretty good at coming up with algorithms and uh and trying to, you know, and I found that very exciting to think, oh, this might help crack this code. Here's an algorithm which could work. Someone else would program it up, then it would run on the computer uh and maybe it would work and maybe it wouldn't. And I did one thing there that was quite good because I can't tell you what it was. It's all classified. So, I had a good career there both doing mathematics and learning about the fun of computer modeling, let's say. Was that specialization that you had during your PhD, the manifolds and the topology, was that related to the algorithms? Were the two completely sir? >> Why were you drafted in for that in the first place? Anyway, >> they paid money. >> I was getting kind of bored simply being an academic. And also this work, this six-year project was maybe making me feel gosh other guys are publishing papers. I'm not. But I I wasn't thrilled with being an academic. And this place hired mathematicians a handful. You could do mathematics half your time and the other half your time you were supposed to work on their stuff. There was no teaching. So it was like, well, I could do as much mathematics as I was doing anyway. And and they and they paid better and I thought this would be interesting and and a nice change. And it was. And I I enjoyed it. I did a lot of good math or that I thought was good. And did good work for them. But that ended after four years cuz I got fired. And uh >> Well, you can't you can't leave it that. You got fired. >> I got fired. >> Why did you get fired? >> Well, I got fired because this was in the middle of the Vietnam War. Uh which I didn't like uh the war. Not that we were doing anything to support the war in this particular organization. But nonetheless, I just didn't like it. And the head of the organization, he was down in Washington. He was a big shot named Maxwell Taylor, General Maxwell Taylor. He wrote an article in the New York Times magazine sector of Sunday magazine, the cover story, how we're really winning the war in Vietnam. We just have to stay the course and it's all going to be great. And I thought that's a lot of baloney. So I wrote a letter to the Times saying, "Not everyone who works for General Taylor supports his views." And uh in my opinion, blah blah blah. It was a good letter. and they publish it right away, of course, because it was unusual that someone would write such a letter in his situation. I didn't hear a peep. No one said anything uh at the company. They didn't say, "You shouldn't have done that." But I was clearly on the watch list. >> Did you Did you when you wrote it, did you know you were doing something reckless? >> No, I didn't really think it was reckless because it was my opinion and it really didn't have anything to do with my work. But then about 3 or four months later, a guy from Newsweek magazine uh came to see me and he said he's doing an article about people who work for the defense department who are opposed to the war. And he says, "I have a lot of trouble finding such people, but could I interview you?" Well, I was 29 years old. No one had ever asked to interview me before. It sounded like, "Hey, maybe I'll I'll be interviewed. Okay, you can interview me." So, we asked this, Matt, but he really wanted to know, "So, what is your policy?" So, I sort of made up a policy, although it was pretty much true. I said, "Well, you know, here at IDA, you have to spend uh at least 50% of your time on their stuff." In those days, it was secret that it was even codes and ciphers, so I just said their stuff. Uh, but you could spend 50% of your time in mathematics. And so my algorithm now is until the Vietnam war is over, I will spend all my time on mathematics. And then after it's over, I'll spend all my time on their stuff until the two things match up again. And then uh and that was kind of largely true. I was doing mostly mathematics, but I I was doing a little of their stuff. So then it occurred to me to tell my local boss that I gave this interview. And he said, "Well, what'd you tell him?" I said, "Well, I told him what I just said to you." He said, "You did?" He said, "Oh, I better call Taylor." His boss and he called Taylor and I came back into his office and he said, "You're fired." said, "I'm fired." Is he fired? Taylor fired you. Taylor told me to fire you. So, uh, well, I was fired. I said, 'You know, I don't know how you can fire me. My title is permanent member, which was I started as a temporary member. And then I became permanent member. And the boss was very funny. He said, "Well, here's the difference between a temporary member and a permanent member. A temporary member has a has a contract. Permanent member doesn't. I had no contract." So, I was out of there. And it was amusing. I mean, I wasn't I had solved this big math problem that I told you about, the six-year thing. I knew I was going to get a job very easily. So I wasn't really worried about that. >> You you've honed your skills with algorithms and you've learned a lot about computers. So I'm seeing the writing on the wall here for where things go next. How how do we progress to >> Yeah. So uh at a certain point now I was then I went to Stony Brook after this it was cheer and uh did this work with churn and did some work with Chica and and we got stuck. We were trying to prove something uh mathematical thing and it was very very frustrating. I worked on it for about two years. We got nowhere. It's okay to work for a long time if you feel you're getting somewhere but we we got absolutely nowhere uh on this problem and uh my father had made a little bit of money and um I have had the opportunity to try investing it and that was interesting and I thought you know I'm going to try another career altogether and so I went into the money management business so to speak. So you started with some of your dad's money and that got you a taste for an interest in that. >> Some family money and then some other people put up some money and uh I did that uh no models. No models for the first two years. >> So what were you doing then? You were just using cunning and uh you know just like normal people do >> like normal people do and I brought in a couple of people to work with me and uh we were extremely successful. I think it was just plain good luck but nonetheless we were very successful. But I could see that this was a very gut-wrenching business. You know you come in one morning you think you're a genius. The markets are for you. We were trading currencies and commodities and financial instruments and so on. stocks, those kinds of things. And the next morning you come in, you feel like a jerk, the market's against you. It was very gut-wrenching. And in looking at the patterns of prices, I could see that there was something we could study here that there were maybe some ways to predict prices mathematically or statistically. And I started working on that and then brought in some other people and gradually we built models and the models got better and better and finally the models replaced the fundamental stuff. So it took a while. >> I would have thought with your background a mathematician this would have almost occurred to you immediately like you would have straight away seen this. Well, what what was the two-year delay? >> Well, two things. I saw it pretty early but and I brought in a guy who was a wonderful guy also from the code cracking place and he was uh I thought together we'll we'll start building models that was fairly early but it wasn't right away but he got more interested in the fundamental stuff and he said the models aren't going to be very strong and so on and so forth so we didn't get very far but I knew there were models to be made then I brought in another mathematician a couple more and a and a better computer guy and then we started making models which really worked but you know the the general uh there's something called the efficient market theory which says is that there's nothing in the data let's say price data which will indicate anything about the future because the price is sort of always right the price is always right in some sense but that's just not true. So there are anomalies in the data even in the price history data for one thing uh commodities especially used to trend uh not dramatically trend but trend. So if you could get the trend right you'd bet on the trend and you'd make money more often than you wouldn't whether it was going down or going up. That was an anomaly in the in the data but gradually we found more and more and more and more anomalies. None of them is so overwhelming that you're going to clean up on a particular anomaly because if they were other people would have seen them. So they have to be subtle things and you put together a collection of these subtle anomalies and you begin to get something that will predict pretty well. >> How elaborate are these things? Cuz in my head I'm imagining, you know, some equation like like Pythagoras equation. You put a few numbers in and something spits out. But are these giant beasts of equations, algorithms or they are they simple things? >> Uh well the the system as it is today is extraordinarily elaborate but it's not a whole lot of you know it's it's what's called machine learning. So you find things that are predictive. You might guess, oh, such and such should be predictive, might be predictive, and you test it out in the computer. Maybe it is, maybe it isn't. You test it out on longterm historical data and uh price data and other things. And then you add to the system this if if it works, and if it doesn't, you you throw it out. So they're not elaborate equations, at least not for >> the prediction part, but the prediction part is the only is not the only part. You have to know what your costs are when you trade. Uh you're going to move the market when you trade. Now, the average person will make a buy 200 shares of something and he's not going to move the market at all cuz it's too small. But if you want to buy 200,000 shares, you're going to push the price. How much you going to push the price? How are you going to, you know, are you going to push it so far that you you can't make any money because you've distorted things so much? So, you have to understand costs and that's something that's that's important. And then you have to understand how to minimize the volatility of the whole of the whole assembly of positions that you have and the uh so you have to do that. That last part uh takes some fairly sophisticated applied mathematics. not uh earth shattering but but fairly sophisticated. >> What discipline of mathematics or disciplines? Is it multi-disiplinary or are we talking? >> It's mostly statistics. It's mostly statistics and uh some uh some probability theory and but I can't get into you know what things we do do use and what things we don't use. We we reach for different things that might come that might be effective. Uh so we're very universal. We don't have any any uh but it's a big computer model. For one thing, there's a there is a capacity to the major model. It can manage a certain amount of money which is rather large but it can't it can't manage an enormous amount of money because you're pushing you're going to end up pushing the market around too much. So it's kind of a sweet spot as to how much it's reasonable to manage. Therefore it would never grow into some behemoth which would uh you know take everybody out and you'd be the only player well plus you the only player to be known to play against. There are there are limitations at least uh the way the way we the way we see it. Uh but we keep we keep improving it. We have about 100 PhDs working for the firm. >> That's what I mean. How did you get to that point? Did you start to think we need this we need that? What did >> we just hired smart people? My my algorithm has always been you get smart people together. Uh you give them a lot of freedom, create an atmosphere where everyone talks to everyone else. They're not hiding in a corner with their own little thing. They talk to everybody else and you provide the best uh infrastructure, the best computers and so on that people can work with and make everyone partners. So that was the model that we used in in in Renaissance. So we would bring in smart folks and uh they didn't know anything about finance uh but they learned. >> What was your employment criteria then? If they knew nothing about finance, what were you looking for in >> someone with a PhD in physics and who'd had uh five years out and had written a few good papers and was obviously a smart guy or in astronomy or in mathematics or in statistics. Uh someone who had done science and done it well and was interested in you know uh applying his mind or her mind although it was mostly his to uh you know modeling markets and making money. Well, it's a very good spirit. Now, I been six years away from the company, so I I'm not running it anymore, but uh I'm the chair of the board and I uh go to a monthly board meeting. I think that the morale is very good, the spirit is good, and uh it's really a very good way applying to work scientifically, a it's a big collaborative effort and uh and everyone is happy to see someone else come up with something good because he the first person is going to share in that cuz because everyone shared in the profits. So, uh so, okay, you might wish it was you to show how smart you were, but nonetheless, good. He did it. I'm going to make money from it. I would imagine lots of people want to be financially successful. Most most people want that, of course. I suppose and lots of people are good at mathematics and know a lot about computers like you know at your level I would imagine. Why did you do it? Why didn't someone else do it? >> I don't know. Well, first of all, some other people have done it. Uh I think that we're our firm is better. But nonetheless, uh I'm pretty sure of that. But uh nonetheless, other people have done some very good modeling and uh so we're not alone. But it's not easy to do and there's a big barrier to entry. for example, huge data sets that we've collected over the years, programs that we've written to make it really easy to test hypotheses and so on. Uh the infrastructure is exceptionally good. So everything is tuned right. It took years to learn how to do that. People don't leave our firm or if they do they leave to just do something else altogether. Everyone has signed a forever non-disclosure agreement and so on because we're, you know, we're very secretive about what we do because you can't patent that stuff or copyright it because then everyone would see what it is and someone would just work around it and say, "Oh, that patent's no good. Look, I've made this twist and that tweak and it's different." So you can't what you have is your intellectual property and you have to keep that to yourself. So uh yes we were very successful continue to be as I say there are others uh but most very few uh investment operations are 100% because this is 100% model driven. It's not 90% or 80%. Some people have models and for uh you know for advice they say what does the model say? Oh yeah let's go. Oh I don't forget that I don't pay attention to that. So uh but you know uh Renaissance is 100% model driven. No trade is ever made because someone walks into the trading room and says, "Hey, let's buy IBM. It's a sure winner or anything like that. Uh you know, we got too much uh Google. We got to show it got nobody does that. It may be that we had too much Google, but nonetheless uh you might have been right." But uh it's just what the model says. And that religious sticking to the model is the only way you can run such a business because you cannot simulate that guy who walked in and said, "Hey, let's Google's too high. Let's sell it." How can you simulate that? You don't know what might have happened. But you can simulate a you can come up with a model or a new predictor and you can simulate it in the past and see how did it do. So uh you have to stick to it. >> I know you guys made the model so you do have the ownership of it and feel proud of it. But is it hard to follow the model religiously? Like is it hard for your ego to think all the success is because of the computer like and I just I just sat there and watched. >> No, the computer is just a tool that we use to I mean it's a a good cabinet maker doesn't say it's all because of my wonderful chisel. You know you may have great film equipment but that's not why you're a success at doing what you're doing. You're working with good equipment but uh another guy would make a mess of it with the same equipment. So no, we don't we don't feel oh the computer's doing everything. The computer does what you tell it to do. >> Mathematics is very collaborative and things that are learned are built upon by sharing. Are you learning things behind the locked doors at Renaissance that could help mathematics, but you're not sharing because you want to keep them a secret to help the business? >> No. There was there's nothing there's nothing that we're learning behind lock doors in Renaissance that would help the general field of mathematics or the general field of science as far as I can tell. >> Do you think there's something about your personality that made you able to do it or is it just is this luck? >> I think a lot of it's luck. I probably have a good personality for running a group of people, but there are other people who maybe even have a better personality for doing that. We underestimate uh the role of luck. It's typical that if someone fails at something, he'll say, "I had bad luck." And if he makes a success, he'll say, "I was a smart guy." And uh oh, I was just lucky. Uh people don't usually say that uh when when uh if they make a big success. And of course, obviously, not everyone can make a big success. But uh I think that luck played a role. I was in the right place at the right time. But I I really I think what I'm good at is getting good people to uh work together. >> So it was more you would think more your managerial ability than your mathematical genius that resulted in >> it. Definitely wasn't my mathematical genius. I think I'm a you know I'm a pretty smart guy. I can understand this stuff. So uh but I wasn't and I did come up with a few predictive algorithms. So that was fine. But uh many people did that's I knew I wasn't going to come up with all of them. So that's why we have all these folks. Uh so it wasn't my mathematical genius but I think people respected me because I was a good scientist. So, well, he may act stupid, but we know he's really smart. So, >> you had you had a few runs on the board, they would say. >> Yeah. >> Are given that given that you will put some of it down to luck, what are you more proud of? All of this in the business or the or the mathematics from that first half of your career? >> Oh, to the extent that I'm proud. I think I'm proud of both. I I think, you know, I've done some mathematics and some of it's had a positive effect and I guess I'm proud of that and I've built a nice business and I'm proud of that. I don't say I'm prouder of one than the other. And now for the last number of years I've been working with my wife on this foundation which she started actually in '94 with my money but nonetheless she started the foundation and then I joined I got more and more involved with the foundation as uh time went on and now that's my main thing and I'm pretty proud of the foundation. >> Let me focus your focus you more on which the mathematics versus the business then. Would you would you trade any of your any or all of your business success for for being the man who cracked the reman hypothesis or something like that? Right. >> No, that's a good question. Would I trade that for? Well, I probably trade some of it. I mean, for the Reman hypothesis, it would certainly uh I guess be a thrill to to uh solve the reman hypothesis. I'm pleased mostly with what with the way my career has gone. Uh so uh would I trade part of it for something? I don't know. It's I I've never looked back and said I wish at least in business I wish I hadn't done that or I wish I had done this and not that whatever it is. I've never looked back that way. >> I guess the thing I'm getting at is what do you define yourself as a businessman or a mathematician? Well, I would not be very good at running an ordinary business. If I had to run a big manufacturing business or something like that, I don't think I'd be very good at. There's a level of detail that I would find tedious. Uh I'm not the best organized person in the world and frankly I would be bored. Um so I'm not your typical businessman. The kind of business that I did run was very natural to me. So in that sense, I was a businessman. But I I like business sort of. I you know I I I like I I always say what's the important mathematics skill in business is subtraction. You have to understand when your revenues are going to exceed your costs. You know some some people they just look at revenues. Hey yeah you're losing money every day. Well that'll take care of itself after a while. So um but I I don't think I'd be uh I once had to for about 6 months run a small business in the computer area. a business that we had started uh invested in and then uh wasn't going well and we had to get rid of the head and find someone new and I found myself running it for about uh 3 to 6 months commuting to Philadelphia and I came to the conclusion I'm doing a better job than the guy was there before but I'm not doing a very good job and I found myself in business meetings like with the distributor from St. Louis at some and I would remember saying what am I doing spending my time with some distributor from St. who was I mean this is not the way I want to run my life. Finally we got someone in he really knew how to run a business and uh then that that was his that kind of a business. The foundation is focused on support of scientific research primarily basic science but not completely because we have a large autism project which involves a lot of basic science but the but treatment's our goal but the rest is support of mathematics, physics, computer science, biology of all sorts, neuroscience, genetics. We support basic science and uh that is what we like to do. There's a certain amount of outreach we we have a math for America program. We spend maybe 10 or 15% on uh outreach outreach and education but uh 80 85% is uh support basically basic science. >> Almost the nature of basic mathematical research is you can't really know where it's going to go. That's right. >> So what are do you just are you are you throwing money at a wall and seeing what sticks or how targeted are you about? to some extent. Yes. Uh we have investigator grants which give outstanding mathematicians and physicists and computer scientists uh a 10-year run where they they have support for for 10 years and they can use that money to for a postoc or something like that to help their work along. We don't know what work it's going to be. We we have no well we know what the guy has done but it's it's it's not these are very very competitive and they're just the best people and it's helping their careers whatever they might do. We also have collaborative projects that we support. There there is a goal uh but it can be a rather vague goal like one is origins of life well we'd like to know how we all got here how did life originate outside inside what what was the path to life uh so there's I don't know 40 or 50 people working on that and uh it's a very exciting project we're making some progress so there's a goal but do I think that in the next 5 years we're going to know everything about the earth no I don't think so but we'll learn more about this path that started with you know primitive organic molecules and ended up with an interview like this one um so there there is goal, but it's a but it's a relatively big goal. >> This model of philanthropy of of supporting the basic research and not knowing where it's going to end up almost the opposite of what you're talking about with your business. Totally. >> You were talking about business, you know, revenues and costs and making sure. >> Yeah. >> Well, yes and no. When we would bring smart guys into Renaissance, we didn't know what they were going to do. We hoped that they'd come up with some good ideas to make the firm better, but I didn't say, "Oh, this guy is going to discover I want this guy to discover this thing. I don't know what he's going to discover." uh so but it's it's of course very focused on a narrow set of outcomes whereas uh the other basic science anything goes is uh is very different from that >> what's your attitude to risk because you you you almost have created a business that's based on removing risk >> reducing >> reducing risk uh and yet you took a risk by leaving tenure to go and start business I mean are you are you a risk taker or you a risk minimizer >> or were you you probably don't worry about >> well I suppose as we get older we get a little less a little more riskaverse I don't know uh I've always been something of a risk taker I think uh but But I've had uh good taste and uh especially again as I say in people and uh have pretty much always partnered up with people. So uh that that cuts the risk. So uh but I did I I certainly when I started the company I had to finance it myself and uh I didn't know whether it would succeed or not and but I was pretty sure it would but I didn't know. >> You put a lot of money into mathematics. So you've got some right to comment on it. How are you feeling about it? >> Oh I think mathematics is is is really uh going quite well uh worldwide at the research end of it. Uh a lot of new ideas are are coming up. new fields sort of are are are flourishing. Uh it feels like a pretty healthy enterprise to me. What's not healthy is the state of mathematics education in our country. That's very unhealthy uh for young people. Uh that's why we have we started this thing called math for America and so on. But um we don't have enough teachers of mathematics who know it who know the subject and even of science and and that's for a simple reason. Uh 30 40 years ago uh if you knew some mathematics enough to teach let's say in high school there weren't a million other things you could do with that knowledge. Okay, maybe you could become a professor, but let's suppose you're not quite at that level, but you you were good at math and so on. Being a math teacher was a nice job. But today, if you know that much mathematics, you could get a job at Google, you could get a job at IBM, you can get a job at Goldman Sachs. I mean, there's plenty of opportunities that are going to pay more than being a high school teacher, right? There weren't so many when I was going to high school such things. So, the quality of high school teachers in math has declined uh simply because if you know enough to teach in high school, you know enough to work for Google and uh well, they're not going to pay that much in high school. So, how do you redress that? How do we red address that as a country? Um well, you have so we work a person works for a combination of financial reward and respect, right? So a guy becomes Supreme Court justice. He's not doing it because he's going to make a fortune. Uh he'll be well paid, I suppose, but you know, Supreme Court justice, everyone. That's a big deal. You have a lot of respect and you respect yourself presumably. Uh so there are many. So, you can't pay, let's say, high school teachers of math as much as they would get at Google, but you can give them a bump, pay them more. We we give people $15,000 a year more than they would make their regular salary, but we also create a community of math and science teachers, uh, which they love and it makes them feel important and they are important. They interact with each other. They don't they're not for full, you know, stuck in some high school known to talk to. So, we've created a community with the greatest breed of core and these people don't walk out of the field. the turnover is very very low whereas ordinarily the turnover is quite high. So in Finland for example which has very good mathematics uh teaching those are real professionals and they they have a lot of status societal status a teacher in Finland here in the United States teachers don't have such good societal status and and of course the the whole thing of uh getting rid of these bad teachers get get them out and so on and so forth. Okay, maybe we have some bad teachers, but there's no nothing said about let's reward and and and recognize the really good ones, right? So, if you're running a business, yeah, you want to get rid of the dead. What if there are people who just aren't doing the job? But most more important is to recognize the people who are doing a good job and reward them and extol them and make them feel good in one way or another. We don't do that at all with teachers. We're just bashing them and bashing them and bashing them. >> Why has that happened in the United States, but but not in Finland? >> Well, and it hasn't hasn't happened in most of the European countries. Why? Well, for one thing, we have teachers unions, but that shouldn't be the reason because Finland probably has unions, too. I don't know. uh there's been a shift and it's uh about maybe started about 10 years ago that we have to measure these teachers by outcomes. All right, fair enough. Yeah. Well, what outcome? Oh, we're going to give their students standardized tests. If they have value added and so on, well then then they're good. And if they don't have value, well, it turns out judging people on standard students standardized tests is a disaster. It's a very very weak statistic. It's not very highly correlated with how they're going to do the next year by the same measure. and uh and the the but somehow the theory is we have to measure these people if they're not doing a good job we have to get rid of them somehow or other we have to get these people out of the schools well there's a old saying in the British Navy you know floggings will continue until morale improves and that's kind of what this this is we're just beating these people up so uh how it start I don't know someone got the idea that we can measure output but we can't or at least we this is we've imposed a system which stinks for measuring output and uh if we the longer we stick with the system of rating teachers and performance with those students on standardized tests, the the worse it's going to get. >> And the solution, as you put it, sounds to me like just respect them a bit more and make them feel good about themselves. >> Yeah. And and and recognize and reward the very best ones. And that encourages people say, "Hey, I could get that. Maybe I could rise up and and and get one of those, become a master teacher or whatever." And and uh or someone could even come into the field and say, "Hey, that my cousin is a master teacher there at New York. He's having a good life." So yes, uh but it's going to take a we're doing it in New York pretty successfully, but it needs to be all around the country, and it needs to be bigger than it is in New York, too. >> You seem to be a believer in markets markets, Matt, though. Is this not something that would correct itself like over time? Like if the if the teaching drops and then the Google can't get the mathematicians and they have to improve the will this not take care of itself? Does it need parties? >> Here's how we're taking care of it now. We're importing people H1 visas and we're bringing in guys from other countries who do have this knowledge and all the technology companies only want more and more H1 visas because they can't get enough homegrown talent, the talent that they need. So now that's okay for a while but about 12 or 13 years ago for example of the graduates from the Indian Institute of Technology I whatever they call Indian IIIT about 80% of them left India and would come to the Europe and United States to to get jobs now it's 20%. Because India is doing much better there's plenty of technical jobs in India so I can stay home. I don't have to run to England or I don't have to run to uh United States uh to work. So well there are people from other countries who are coming and we're taking advantage of that but they will come when we just ar won't have enough people here uh of our own folks who uh who know enough to to do this work basic research is as I have said the sort of the wellspring of uh human knowledge knowledge about our world and uh but the federal funding for basic research has uh become restricted. The one thing, federal funding for science has come down anyway overall. And second of all, there's an increasing tendency for these agencies to fund what's called translational research rather than basic research. Translational means, okay, you're working on cancer. Great. You know, we're going to have a cure for this in three years. Okay, fine. We'll give you money. You're working on how the basic cell is working. Uh, well, you know, the applications are too far away. So, there's less the Congress pushes the NIH and the NSF2 probably to, hey, you know, we want to see some return on this money. we want to see results. So they're more conservative. Wild ideas less often get funded because you know so the government's not doing such a good job at supporting basic science and um so there's a role for philanthropy an increasingly important role of for philanthropy. >> Do you give your money to basic research because you feel somehow indebted to it for your own success or do you do it just out of like a leap forward? Do do you feel like you're giving something back to to what gave something to you? >> That's an interesting question. I do it because it feels good. I like science. I like to see it flourish. I like to be around scientists. I I like to learn some new things and my wife feels the same way. She loves science. So, uh we're very happy to to do this. Do I feel I'm giving back? Not especially. Uh you know, uh I could give back in a lot of ways. There's a lot of things I could do besides support science. >> Do you have a favorite number? >> Seven. Next question. >> Do you have a favorite mathematician? >> Well, Archimedes and Oiler are my current favorites, but maybe you met somebody. I'm very impressed with those two guys. >> Thank you so much for so much of your time. Well, this was kind of fun. >> Big dreams start small. From getting your domain to creating your website, email, and online security, we've got you covered. You don't need to be a tech expert. You just need a starting point. Your brand starts here with GoDaddy. >> Watch another one. If there's another one that pops up Okay. You were something of a mathematical phenom. You had already taught at Harvard and MIT at a young age and then the NSA came calling. What was that about? >> Well, the NSA didn't exact, that's the National Security Agency. It didn't exactly come calling. They had an operation at Princeton where they hired mathematicians to uh attack secret codes and stuff like that. And I knew that existed and it had a very good policy because you could do half your time at your own mathematics and uh at least half your time working on their stuff and they paid a lot. So that was an irresistible uh pull. So uh I went there. >> So you were a codec cracker until you got fired. >> Well, I did get fired. Yes. >> How come? >> Well, how come I got fired? because um uh well the Vietnam war was on and the the boss of bosses in my organization was a big fan of the war and wrote a New York Times article magazine section cover story about how we're going to win in Vietnam and I didn't like that war I thought it was stupid and I wrote a letter to the times which they published saying not everyone who works for it was Maxwell Taylor if anyone remembers that name who works for General Taylor agrees with his views and I gave my own views >> okay I can see that >> which were different from General Taylor's but on the other hand nobody said anything but then I was 29 years old at this time and some kid came around said he was a stringer from Newsweek magazine and he wanted to interview and asked my what I was doing about my views and I told him that said I'm doing mostly mathematics now and when the war is over then I'll do mostly their stuff. Then I did the only intelligent thing I done that day. I uh told my local boss that I gave that interview and he said what did you say? And I told him what I said and then he said I got to call Taylor. He called Taylor. That took 10 minutes. I was fired 5 minutes after that. >> Okay. >> So but it wasn't bad. >> It wasn't bad because you went you went on to Stonybrook and um stepped up your your mathematical career. You started working with um with this man here. Who who is this? >> Oh Churn. Yeah. Churn was uh one of the great mathematicians of the century. I I had known him uh when I was a graduate student actually at Berkeley and uh I had some ideas and I brought them to him and he liked them and together we did this work which you can easily uh see up there. There it is. And >> it led to you publishing a famous paper together. Can you explain at all what that work was? >> No. Can you explain? >> I got to explain it to somebody but uh >> Well, how about explaining this? >> But but not many not many people. >> I think you told me it had something to do with spheres. So let's let's start let's start here. Well, it did, but but I I'll say about that work, um it did have something to do with that. But before we get to that, that work was uh was good mathematics. I was very happy with it. So was churn. Uh it even started a little sub field that's now flourishing. But more interestingly, uh it happened to apply to physics, something we knew nothing about. At least I knew nothing about physics and I don't think churn knew a heck of a lot. And uh about 10 years after the paper came out, uh guy named Ed Whitten in in Princeton started applying it to string theory and people in Russia started applying it to what's called condensed matter. And today that those things in there called churn simons and variance spread through a lot of physics and it was amazing. He didn't know any physics. It never occurred to me that it would be applied to physics. But that's the thing about mathematics. You never know where it's going to go. >> But this is so incredible. So we've been talking about how evolution shapes human minds that may or may not perceive the truth. Somehow you come up with a mathematical theory not knowing any physics. Discover two decades later that it's being applied to profoundly describe the actual physical world. How can that happen? >> God knows. Yeah. But but uh but there's a there was a famous physicist named Vignner and he wrote an essay on the unreasonable effectiveness of mathematics. So somehow this mathematics which is rooted in the real world in some sense you know we learn to count and measure that kind of everyone would do that and then it flourishes on its own but so often it comes back to save the day general relativity as an example. Menowski had this geometry and Einstein realized hey it's the very thing in which I can cast general relativity. So uh you never know and it is a mystery. It is a mystery. >> So here's here's a mathematical piece of ingenuity here. Tell tell us about this. >> Yeah. Yeah. Well this well that's a ball. It's a it's a sphere and it has a lattice around it. You know those squares sort of things. And um what I'm going to show here was originally observed by Oiler the great mathematician in the 1700s and it gradually grew to be a very important field in mathematics algebraic topology geometry. And that paper up there uh was had its roots in this. So okay so here's this thing. It has eight vertices and 12 edges and six faces. And if you look at the difference vertices minus edges plus faces you get two. Okay. Well two that's a good number. Oh here's a different way of doing it. These are triangles covering. has 12 vertices and 30 edges and uh 20 faces, 20 tiles and vertices minus edges plus faces still equals two. And in fact, you could do this any which way. Cover this thing with all kinds of polygons and triangles and mix them up. And you take vertices minus edges plus faces, you'll get two. Now, here's a different shape. This is a Taurus or the surface of a donut. 16 vertices covered by these rectangles. 32 edges, 16 faces. Hey, this comes out zero. Vertices minus edge. It'll always come out zero. Every time you cover a Taurus with squares or triangles or anything like that, you're going to get zero when you take that thing. So this is called the oiler characteristic and it's what's called a topological invariant. It's pretty amazing. No matter how you do it, you're always going to get the same answer. So that was the first sort of thrust from the mid700s into a subject which is now called algebraic topology. >> And and your own work took an idea like this and moved it into higher dimensional theory, higher dimensional objects and found new invarianes. >> Yes. Well, there were already higher dimensional invariants. uh Pont Pontriagen classes uh actually there were churn classes. There were a bunch of these types of variants but I I was struggling to work on one of them and model it sort of combinatorilially instead of the way it was typically done and that led to this work and we uncovered some some new things but if it wasn't for Mr. Oiler >> who wrote almost 70 volumes of mathematics had 13 children whom he had apparently would dandel on his knee while he was writing so uh if it wasn't for Mr. Oiler well uh there wouldn't perhaps be these invariants. >> Okay. So that's at least given us a flavor of that amazing mind in there. Let's talk about renaissance because you took that amazing mind and uh you know having been a co-cracker at the NSA you started to become a co-cracker in the financial industry I think you probably didn't buy efficient market theory and uh somehow you found a way of creating these astonishing returns over two decades. I think the way to explain to me what's remarkable about what you did was that it wasn't just the size of the returns it was that you took them with surprisingly low volatility and risk compared with other other hedge fun. So how on earth did you do this Jim? >> Well I did it by assembling a wonderful group of people. I when I started doing trading I had gotten a little tired of mathematics. I was in my late 30s. I had a little money. I started trading and it went very well. I made quite a lot of money. I pure luck. I mean, I think it was pure luck. It certainly wasn't mathematical modeling. But in looking at the data after a while, I realized, hey, there's looks like there's some structure here. And I hired a few mathematicians and we started trying to make some models just the kind of thing we did back at IDA. You you design an algorithm, you test it out on a computer, does it work? Doesn't it work? And so on. >> So, let's can we take a look at this? Because I mean, here's here's a typical like graph of some commodity or or whatever. Um, I mean, I look at that and I say that's just a random up and down walk, maybe a slight upward trend over that whole period of How else could you trade look at that and see something that wasn't just random? >> It turns out in the old days, this is kind of a graph from the old days, uh, commodities or currencies had a tendency to trend. Not necessarily a very light trend you see here, but but trending in in periods. And if you decided, okay, I'm going to predict today by the average move in the past 20 days. There's 20 days. Uh, maybe that would be a good prediction and I'd make some money. And in fact, years ago, such a system uh would work. Not beautifully, but it would work. So, you'd make money, you'd lose money, you'd make money, but this is a year's worth of days. And you, you know, you you'd uh you'd make a little money during that period, but it was a very vestigial system. >> So So you would test a bunch of different sort of lengths of trends in time and see whether, for example, a 10-day trend or a 15-day trend was predictive of what happened. >> Sure. Sure. You would uh you, you know, try all those things to see what worked best. But the trend following would have been great in the 60s and was sort of okay in the 70s. By the 80s, it wasn't such a >> because everyone could. So So what happened? So how did you stay ahead of the pack? that we stayed ahead of the pack by finding by finding uh other other approaches and uh shorter term approaches to some extent but the the real thing was to gather a tremendous amount of data and and uh we had to get it by hand in the early days. We went down to the Federal Reserve and copied interest rate histories and stuff like that because it didn't exist on computers. We we got a lot of data and very smart people and uh that was the that was the key. I I didn't really know how to hire people to do fundamental trading. I had hired a few some made money, some didn't make money. I I couldn't make a business out of that but I didn't know how to hire scientists because I have some taste in that department and uh so that's what we did. And uh gradually these the models got better and better and better and better. >> And I think you're credited with doing something remarkable in which is building this culture or this group of people who weren't just hired guns who could be lured away by money. Their motivation was was doing exciting ma mathematics and science. >> Well, I I'd hope that might be true, but uh some of it was money. Uh I can't say that that no one came because of the money. I think a lot of them came because of the money, but they also came because it would be fun. >> What role did machine learning play in all this? >> Well, in a certain sense, what we did was machine learning. Uh you you you look at a lot of data and and you try to uh simulate uh different predictive schemes until you get better and better at it. It doesn't doesn't necessarily feed back on itself the way we we did things but uh it worked. >> So these different predictive schemes can be really quite quite wild quite unexpected. I mean you look you look at everything right you look at weather length of dresses opinion >> length of dresses we didn't try but uh >> what sort of things >> well everything I mean everything is risk for the mill except hem lengths I have to say uh weather annual reports monthly quarterly reports uh the historic data itself volumes you name it what whatever there is we take in terabytes of data a day and uh store it away and massage it and get it ready for analysis and uh you're looking for anomalies you're looking for like you said uh you know the efficient market hypothesis >> any one anomaly might be just a random thing so is is the secret here to just look at multiple strange anomalies and see when they're lying. >> Well, any one anomaly might be a random thing. However, if you have enough data, you can tell that it's not. So, uh you can see an anomaly that's persisted for sufficiently long time. So, the probability of it being uh random is is not high. But these things fade after a while. Anomalies can get washed out. So, you have to keep on top of the business. >> A lot of people look at the hedge fun industry now. And a sort of um um >> if you struggle with focus, this sound might change everything. shocked by by how much wealth is created there and how much talent is going into it. >> I knew I was going to make it. I just ain't know how >> that industry financial industry in general. >> But I knew this world is what you make it. You create your own environment. It all starts with a vision. What you can imagine you can create. >> Can imagine you can create. [ __ ] Dude, I forgot. eneral kind of being on on a runaway train that's that's um I don't know helping increase inequality or or how would you how would you uh >> it's got Jim Simons in it a few times so that last interview we watched there's a segment of him uh that's in this sound and I just wanted to surround myself with people I ahead of me. I have to, no offense to the people in the chat, but the whole public being able to get into my brand ain't with me. So, I like to I like to be around people that and um yeah, it pushed me to be great. So, >> champion, what's what's >> Well, actually, I think in the last three or four years, hedge funds have not done especially well. We've done dandy, but the hedge fund industry as a whole has not done so wonderfully. the stock market has been on a roll going up as as everybody knows and uh price earnings ratios have grown. So an awful lot of the wealth that's been created in the last let's say five or six years has not been created by hedge funds. So uh it's just another you know people ask me what's a hedge fund and I say one in 20 I mean which means now it's two and 20 you know it's 2% fixed fee and 20% of profits. Hed hedge funds are all different kind of creatures. Rumor has it you charge slightly higher fees as well. >> We had charged. Yeah, we had charged the highest fees in the world at one time. Five and 44. That's what we charge. >> Five and 44. >> 5% fixed fee. 40 >> 5% flat 44% of upside. You still made your investor spectacular. >> Good returns. Yes. People got very mad at my investors. How can you charge such high? Okay, you can withdraw it. But no, how can I get more was what how can I get more? But at a certain point, as I think I told you, we bought out all the investors because there's a capacity uh there's a capacity to >> But should we worry about the hedge fund industry attracting too much of the world's great mathematical and other talent to work on that as opposed to many other problems? Not just mathematical, we hired astronomers, physicists, and uh things like that. I I don't think we should worry about it too much. It's still it's still a pretty small industry. And in fact, bringing in uh science into the investing world has has improved that world. It's it's reduced volatility. It's increased liquidity. Uh spreads are narrower because people are trading that kind of stuff. So I don't I'm not too worried about Einstein going off and uh starting a hedge fund. >> Now, you're at a phase in your life now where you're actually investing though at the other end of the supply chain in um um actually boosting mathematics uh across America. Um this is your wife Marilyn and you're You're working on uh philanthropic issues together. >> Um tell tell me about that. >> Well, yeah, we are. Marilyn started there. She is up there. Beautiful wife. She started the foundation about 20 years ago. I think 94. I claim it was 93. She says it was 94, but it was one of those two years. We started the foundation. And uh just as a as a convenient way to uh give charity uh she kept the books and so on. uh and we did not have a uh a vision at that time but gradually a vision emerged which was to focus on math and science to focus on basic research and uh that's that's what we've done and six years ago or so I left Renaissance uh and went to work at the foundation so that's what we do >> and so math for America here is basically investing in math teachers around the country giving them some extra income and giving them support and coaching and really trying to make make that more effective and make that a calling to which teachers can >> aspire yeah it it's a instead of beating up the bad teachers which has created morale problems all through the educ educational community, in particular in math and science. We focus on celebrating the good ones and and giving them uh status. Yeah, we gave them extra money, $15,000 a year. We have 800 math and science teachers in New York City in the public schools today as part of a core. They're they're uh there's a great morale among them. They're staying in the field. Uh next year it'll be a thousand and that'll be 10% of the math and science teachers in New York public schools. Uh and and that's here's another project that you've supported philanthropically. Research into origins of life, I guess. What are we looking at here? Well, I'll save that for a second and then I'll tell you what you're looking at. But uh so origins of life is a fascinating question. How how do we get here? What's what's a root? Well, there's two questions. So, one is what is the route from uh uh geology to biology? How did how did we get here? And the other question is what did we start with? What material if any we have to work with on this route? Those are two very very interesting questions. The first question is a tortuous path from uh from geology up to RNA or something like that. How how did that all work? And the other what do we have to work with? Well, more than we think. So, what's pictured there is a star in formation. Now, every year in our Milky Way, which has 100 billion stars, about two new stars are created. Don't ask me how, but they're created. And it takes them about a million years to settle out. So, in steady state, there's about 2 million stars in formation at any time. That one is somewhere along the settling down period. And there's always crap sort of circling around it, dust and stuff, and it'll form probably a solar system or whatever it form. But here's the thing. In this dust that surrounds a forming star, have been found now significant organic molecules. molecules not just like methane but uh formaldahhide and cyanide things that are the building blocks the seeds if you will of life. So that may be typical and it may be typical that uh planets around the universe start off with some of these basic building blocks. Now does that mean oh well there's going to be life all around maybe. But it's a question of how tortuous this path is from those frail beginnings those seeds all the way to life and most of those seeds will fall on fellow planets. But >> so for you personally finding an answer to this question of where we came from, how did this thing happen? That that is something you would love to see. >> I'd love to love to see like to know, you know, if that path is torturous enough and and so improbable that no matter what you start with, uh we're we could be a singularity. But on the other hand, given all this organic dust that's floating around, we could have lots of lots of friends out there. >> Be great to know. >> Couple years ago, um I got a chance to speak with Elon Musk and asked him the secret of his successor of and he said taking physics seriously was it. listening to you, what I hear you saying is, you know, taking math seriously that that that has infused your whole life. It's it's made you an absolute fortune and now it's allowing you to invest in the futures of thousands and thousands of kids across America and elsewhere. Um, could it be that science actually works? The math actually works. >> Well, math certainly works. Math certainly works and uh but this has been fun working with Marilyn and uh giving it away has been very enjoyable. >> I just find it it's an inspirational thought to me that by taking knowledge seriously, so much more can come from it. So, thank you for your amazing life and for coming here to thank you Simon. be on a Jimmy Saturday. This is the Jimmy Saturday. What else we got, bro? >> Common sense, mathematic common sense and good luck. >> Uh welcome to the welcome to this evening uh main event or only event. And uh so this will be uh this is part as you know of the American Mathematical Society meeting of the western section that's taking care of that's taking place on campus this weekend. And uh it's also part of um the Bay Area Science Festival and it's co-sponsored by the American Math Society, the Bay Area Science Festival and the Um Island Life. This is me, dude. I think this is my bad. >> Wait, do you saw earlier? >> Welcome to the welcome to doing some weird >> stuff. Was a physicist and joined the physics department at Stony Brook in 1957, just one year after it started. Stony Brook is a great place now, but it had growing pains and at one point the math department was in such terrible shape that the provos felt he needed to have a committee of outsiders to find a new chair and that no one in the department would do. So they went searching for an outside chair. Various people applied and my father was on the committee that was to make the choice and they made some pretty questionable choices. among them this inexperienced young guy Jim Simons who' never done any administration before and really was too young for the job and they interviewed the candidates and uh the provost when he interviewed Jim according to Jim said you know of all the people I've interviewed you were the only one who actually seems to want the job and indeed nobody else took the job and Jim did talk about luck for Stony Brook I feel I've been touched by that luck too in getting to know Jim PhD from Berkeley in 1958 with Bertram Canton wh I saw in the audience a moment ago uh where's where's Bertram Cant somewhere around unless he left Uh >> 61 >> 61 oh your your Wikipedia entry is questionable he was winner of the AMSA prize in 1976 is that the right date uh he discovered that minimal manifolds can have singularities starting in dimension seven not such an obvious construction now very famous for churn Simon's theory which is applied in math and physics in all kinds of unexpected ways in 1982 a change of life he founded renaissance technologies and in some sense the amazing chapter really even more amazing chapter started then he did nothing but use math and a lot of talented people's work to uh to become one of the richest men on earth and has now been sharing his wealth and his luck with the rest of us who are here. And now we'll all share the luck again in listening to Jim himself. Jim, this is a high thing. Okay, I guess you can hear me. Thank you very much for uh such a nice introduction. So, I'm going to uh kind of talk about uh my life and its various paraginations. uh some of it about math and some of it about common sense and some of it about good luck and then uh I'll take some questions uh if there are if there are any. So uh so I I always like math uh when I was a little kid uh I didn't think of it as math just numbers and and having fun. I uh but I discovered Zeno's so this is proof of my thoughtfulness as a child. I discovered Zeno's paradox at about four years old, not knowing it was anybody's paradox or not knowing what the word paradox meant. But I learned from my father to my horror that a car could run out of gasoline. And I said, "Well, shouldn't run out. You could use half of what you have and then you could use half of that. Then you could use half of that and you'll never run out." And uh I didn't it didn't occur to me that you'd never get anywhere either. But on the other hand, on the other hand, uh so uh my family doctor, Dr. Kaplan uh he knew I was a bright boy and he said well you know uh bright Jewish boy you should be a doctor you know that's a great that's a great field and I wanted nothing less than to be a doctor and I said well I don't really want to be a doctor uh you know I want to do something like with engineering or math or something I didn't know much I was about 8 years old and he said well you know you can't make any money doing that stuff and I said and I you know uh it didn't I didn't seem to be very much of an impediment at 8 years old I wasn't thinking about making a lot of money I was just thinking that I did not want to be a doctor which was a very good choice for me and it turns out for anyone who would have had the unfortunate to be my patients because I would not have done a very good job. Uh I but I did like working and my first job was as a stock boy in Brex Garden Supply during the Christmas season. They hired kids to a few people and I got this job. Stock boy works down in the basement in this particular place. Uh looking >> if you want a pair of shoes and they're at the store, they're really at the store. You just don't have it. It ain't like that [ __ ] don't exist. It's just really at the store. That's how I looked at my whole life. If I want it, if I believe I can have it, then that's my reality. >> Where anything went that it seemed to be no rhyme or reason, no order. It wasn't alphabetized or anything like that. You just had to know where things were. So the two people who ran it down there realized I was a failure as a stock boy, but I was there. So they said, "Okay, you can sweep the floor." And I love that job. So then I had a big push broom and sawdust and I could throw the sawdust on the floor and push the broom and walk up and down keeping the floors clean and thinking, which I enjoyed to do enjoyed doing very much. And then it came to the end and Christmas was passed and it was time for me to leave. So this couple sat me down and said goodbye and so on and asked me what I was going to do. I was I think 14 and I said, "Oh, I'm I'm I'm going to study mathematics. I think I want to go to MIT." Well, they laughed very very hard and and I'm sure they were thinking, "This kid who doesn't even know where the dried sheetman is, is going to go to MIT and study mathematics." Well, I I did. I never got back to them and said, "See, I did that, but uh but uh I did." And uh I went to MIT and and uh did study mathematics and uh uh realized that, you know, one could be a mathematician. I but I really had an epiphany um when I learned Stokes theorem. Now I guess you're all mathematicians so you probably know Stokes theorem. You integrate one thing over a boundary and you take its differential and that's the same as integrating that over the interior of something. And that you know it's a great generalization of the fundamental theorem of calculus and it works in all dimensions. And I thought it was the most beautiful thing that theorem and uh and it really made me uh appreciate mathematics. It made me want to become go into this field of differential geometry which I had sort of gradually learned existed. and a a uh what sealed the deal was a delicatessan called Jack and Marian's in Boston. Uh it's not there anymore, I'm afraid, but it was quite a place and it was open very late at night and as uh an undergraduate we used to go there and hang out and eat maybe at 2 in the morning because young young kids can eat at all hours as some of you perhaps remember and but frequently is Singer and Warren Ambrose uh I guess everyone's heard of Ser. Ambrose was an older fellow. He must have been 50. He seemed ancient to me although he was a great teacher. They would show up there and uh work and they go over to some booth and drink coffee and uh do mathematics. I thought, my god, you know, what a great life. You know, here are these gr grown-ups, you know, and and they're doing this stuff. Uh they didn't dress in suits. They just had, you know, regular outdoor clothes. And uh what what a life this is 2 in the morning over sandwiches talking about math. So, it was clear that that was the that was for me. Uh I graduated uh MIT. I I graduated early, but I stayed one more year of graduate school. But when I graduated, which was 1958, see, that's where the 58 came from. Where was David? He confused those dates. 58. I did something that was actually um an example of uh having no common sense at all. But it turned out that there was some good luck involved. I in those days motor scooters had just been becoming popular. You know, Vespas and uh they were Italian. It was either a Vesper or a Lamberta. Those were the two choices you had. And uh we decided I and a friend from Colombia uh South America MIT friend uh was not a mathematician. We decided to ride a motor scooters. Get motor scooters. We didn't have them. We didn't even know how to how to ride motor scooters but he felt it couldn't be that difficult. We're going to ride them from Boston to Buenus Eris. Yeah. Well, Boston, they both began with B, you know, uh Boston to Buenus Eris and we got the motor scooters and a third guy joined the gang and we we did get halfway. We got to Bogota and that took seven weeks and uh uh I at least almost died. Uh I came extremely close to death. Uh I think I never told my mother that. Uh if my mother had the slightest idea of uh how dangerous that trip was, she wouldn't let me go, but for some reason she she did. And uh so I got there. One of the themes of this talk is how important partners are and people that you work with. And so this fellow, this Colombian boy and and his friend uh subsequently became my first partners in a business venture, which I'll which I'll get to in a minute. But uh so it was uh it was lucky on that account, but it showed little signs of common sense. Anyway, I spent one year at MIT as a graduate student. I thought I'd been at MIT long enough that I should go to Berkeley and meet Churn, the great geometer of the day, and uh get a a proper education in differential geometry since that's what I seem to like. So I went there and uh I got a nice fellowship. I went to Berkeley. Uh the only thing is that Churn did not go to Berkeley. Churn was coming to Berkeley that year. That's why they said I should go there too. But Churn perhaps knowing I was coming decided decided to go somewhere else for that year. I guess he was on sobatical or something. So I didn't uh I didn't see churn. Uh but I worked with Cton. Someone told me Bert Canton was here. Is he here? No, he's not here. Uh I think maybe you didn't really see him. Um but anyway, I worked with a fellow name Bur Cen. The first thing that I did when I got to Berkeley or very early was uh well I I got married actually. I got married uh within a month of uh getting there and there was a wedding and we even got wedding presents and so uh which would cash so I had or we had uh some money and I thought well it's just lying there we should invest it. I didn't know anything at all about investing but I knew that one could invest money. So I went to Meil Lynch and I was you know now I was 21 years old and said I want to open an account and uh there were two stocks that I thought would be just terrific and I want to buy these stocks. Well, I said, "Okay." And I bought the stocks and but I'm an impatient guy. And after a month, nothing happened. They didn't go down. They didn't go up. They didn't go anywhere. So, I was bored with that thing. So, I went back and said, "Uh, well, uh, isn't there something that's a little more lively that I could, you know, you have any ideas?" Oh, yeah. He said, "Soybeans, you should buy soybeans." And I I had heard of soybeans. I I'd never eaten one myself. It turns out perhaps most people haven't ever eaten a soybean, but uh, pigs eat them in great quantities uh, and cows and so on. But, uh, I said, "Well, what does that mean exactly?" He said, "Well, you you know, you buy 5,000 bushels. That's a contract. It's a futures market. Our guys tell us soybeans are going through the roof. You'll make a lot of money." I said, "Okay." So, I bought two contracts of soybeans. And they did. They went up. I was making money. They went down. I was losing money. I sold sold them both. I got nervous. Then I bought one contract. Meanwhile, I was going back and forth from Berkeley into San Francisco early in the morning to watch the soybean market. And uh you know, I early it was, you know, 8:00 in the morning already. I was out. I mean, that was very early for a graduate student. And and after a couple weeks, I came to the most sensible conclusion of my life. I think I said I'm either going to write a thesis or trade soybeans because you couldn't possibly do both. And uh I came to that realization at a good point. I had a very small profit. I said, "Okay, I'm closing out the profit." And uh it was years before I ever traded a soybean again, although the occasion did arise. So then I went and worked on I mean you couldn't do both. You couldn't write a thesis and and trade soybeans anyway. I couldn't. Uh so uh so I did write a thesis and it was a very gratifying experience. Uh I wrote it. I'm sorry Burke's not here but um so I I had some results which I showed to my professor and he said oh those are very interesting that's nice uh Joe suggests that uh a question that's open about holenomomen groups any whole group is probably a lot of you know anyway okay yes okay some of you anyway it's a group that's associated to a connection on a on a manifold let's say in the tangent bundle you can parallel translate all around and come back to where you started and you move the tangent space and it was had just been shown all the possible and that's a le group it's it's a linear trans group of linear transformations and It had recently been shown that there was a list of all the possible candidates for polinomial groups on an irreducible manifold one you couldn't write as a product of two other Romanian manifolds and that list happened to include only groups that were transitive on the unit sphere. So every one of those groups you would take any point on the sphere in the tangent space and bring it to any other point. So it would it would uh it was transitive so and uh so that was kind of a question well why are they all transitive on on the sphere and I said oh I I want to try that problem. He said don't do that. He said that's very hard problem. Uh you know so Burell tried it he couldn't figure out. So that was like throwing gasoline on the fire. I said well I'm going to do that problem and by uh well perhaps a miracle I did. So uh that was a good thesis. I was very pleased. Uh I'd had some interactions with Singer along the way because he was interested in that problem and uh we talked about a little bit or wrote to each other and so then they they uh finished that and they hired me and I went to MIT and became uh a more instructor. But okay, so now I was an instructor at MIT. But I still had this sort of I don't know urge to do something different. And when I had been in Colombia on my motor scooter trip and we got to Bogotaar and I saw Colombia and my friends, it was very exciting country. You could do anything there. It seemed uh there was all kinds of things that could be manufactured one thing or another. And I had this friend down there who was very smart. In fact, two friends and I said, you know, you guys ought to start a business. And I said, well, I don't know. I said, I'm going to come down to Colombia and I won't leave until we find a business. And uh not that I had any money particularly to invest in this business. Although it turned out I did have a little bit and I stayed there two weeks. We found a business. Uh they said they were going to they were going to do it. The father of one of them put up half the money. I said, "Okay, I I'll scrape and my father and I put up a little bit of money." And uh then I went back to to uh MIT after those two weeks. And uh of course it took a little while for all that to manif take place. But I decided after that first year, you know, this is so exciting. I'm I'm going to move to Colombia and work in this factory in this place. It was another nutty idea. And uh so I took a job in the interim because the place wasn't ready. In fact, wouldn't have been ready for another two years or a year and a half uh in an engineering place while some engineering company. So I quit the war instructor ship and I my job was to computers were just coming in. My job was to calculate vessel functions on a computer. I didn't know what a vessel function was at that time, although I certainly learned what it was. And they made antennas and they needed anyway. It was the most tedious, horrible thing one could do was just calculate vessel functions all day long. So, uh, I began to really miss academia. I I was friends with Bot and with Singer and these guys. And so, I I said to Singer, you know, I think I made a mistake. I And he said, "Oh, well, we'll put you on Bot's contract." Bot was a great mathematician at Harvard. In those days, you had an NSF contract. They were very loose. You could just hire someone on the contract. So, I went on Bot's contract. And uh and then I went back and said, "Okay, I'll let those boys run the factory. I'll I'll I'll just be a minority investor and uh I work on mathematics, which I did. I was working on as David mentioned, minimal minimal varieties. Minimal varieties are manifolds that are have minimal area or volume depending on the dimension with respect to their boundary. So a soap bubble is a minimal variety in two dimensions typically not a soap bubble. If you take a wire frame and dip it in soap, you'll get a film that's going to minimize area. And uh so I was just studying that subject kind of from first principles. almost all the work had been very it had been analysis but I was trying to understand the geometry of of of these things and and was working slowly and going along uh and they hired me at Harvard to be assistant professor so I was at Harvard for a full two years once on bots contract and once an assistant professor but I actually didn't like Harvard I don't know there was something of any Harvard men or women here today probably yes there was some well maybe with you there I'd have liked it better but and I don't even know you but but uh I don't know it was a stodgy place and uh and also the they started the factory so I felt I needed a change. So I went there's a place in Princon that's still going strong uh called the Institute for Defense Analysis or it's a branch of the Institute for Defense Analysis and there they would hire mathematicians and there it was super secret. It was a very highly classified place. They worked on secret codes and ciphers. In fact in those days you weren't even allowed to say what they worked on. So it was just stuff but now it's permissible to say that's what they worked on and it was it was I didn't know anything about codes. >> So don't waste it living someone else's life. >> Don't be trapped by dogma which is living with the results of other people's thinking. Don't let the noise of others opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow already know what you truly want to become. Everything else is secondary. Stay hungry. Stay foolish. This minor thing is going crazy. The refresh here. Watching this token because it's up 63%. Which is nuts. But it's probably going to go to zero like everything else. We'll see. We'll see. mathematics and h as much as happ and the other half you had to work on their stuff and that sounded pretty good. So we moved to Princeton and uh well I loved that job. I I I loved everything about it. I learned about computers. I learned at first that I don't know how to would never know how to program a computer uh with any skill whatsoever. But there were fortunately people who could. I learned I like to make algorithms and think about uh testing things out on a computer. Uh maybe you can crack this code with this algorithm. Most of the time it didn't work. Sometimes it did. It was kind of exciting and I liked the people and I was still working away at minimal varieties and uh after maybe two or two years there maybe into my third year I solved this uh >> that's dope Anthony that you run into your first bug sort of famous problem in the subject >> I'm assuming I'm assuming your first bug I don't know where you're at but nice >> of minimal varieties which uh and as David uh had I showed that uh you could uh fill in smoothly. This is in code dimension one in uklidian space. So in uklidian space you have a a boundary of one dimension lower and you want to uh two dimensions lower like a curve in three space whatever and you want to fill in and I I proved that you could do that smoothly without without you know any uh uh singularities uh through ambient dimension seven. So up to six dimensional surfaces in sevendimensional uh space with a five dimensional boundary I guess uh it would work. you could do it a uniform proof but in one dimension more my proof broke down and I suggested a counter example uh which turned out to and I couldn't prove it was a I couldn't prove it was a counter example it was locally stable but it might not have been globally stable now so it's a beautiful thing you take the three sphere and you cross it with itself so now you get a a sixdimensional thing sitting in u in actual the seven dimensional sphere in eight space anyway that's the boundary sixdimensional boundary the cone on that which obviously since it's a cone clearly has a vertex and a singularity but that does minimize uh volume six seven dimensional uh volume and uh and then so so that was a good result and published this paper which was everything I knew about minimal varieties was packed into this paper but it was it was a good paper and so that was very nice and uh David said I won the bell prize and that's I guess what what I wanted for some few years later and I was also doing good work for for them it was it was great but it was a Vietnam war time you remember you all know about the Vietnam war and some of you probably lived through it and uh so now we didn't do any work that had anything to do with the Vietnam War as far as I knew although in fact God knows what I did with what we did because I never read any of the secret messages because we didn't have access to that stuff. We just try to crack the codes. But uh but I didn't like the war. Now, so the boss of my boss was in Washington DC. He was a general named Maxwell Taylor. Some of you probably remember old Maxwell Taylor. And he was had been a general now. He had been kicked upstairs. He ran the Institute for Defense Analysis and he wrote an article for the New York Times. It was an cover story in the magazine section, the Sunday paper. How we're doing so great in Vietnam. We're going to win the war. It's very important. Don't just hold still. It's a terrific enterprise. Well, I mean, I didn't think so. And uh and I'm sure there were others who didn't think so, but I wrote a letter to the time saying, "Not everyone who works for General Taylor shares his views. In fact, I think the whole thing is stupid." And uh I mean the words were classier than that, but but that was the effect of the letter. And they published that letter uh eagerly, I'm sure. Uh because, you know, uh no one said anything. I didn't hear anything from my superiors. Uh I heard plenty from my friends, but uh okay. You know, but then a few months later, a a young guy came, sought me out. He told me he was a reporter for Newsweek magazine. I think it still exists, but in these those days, it was the one of the two big news weekly, that and Time magazine. He's doing a story in Newsweek magazine on people who work for the defense department who are opposed to the war. And he said, "I don't have many takers, but but I wonder if you would I could interview you." Now, I was 29 years old. No one had ever asked me for an interview before. Uh and I thought, "Oh, sure. Of course you can interview me." So, so he interviewed me and uh you know, so the bottom line was I said, 'Well, the rule at IDA is you have to spend half your time at their stuff and you can spend half your time at your own stuff and my algorithm now is but I'm spending all my time on mathematics and when the war is over, I'll spend an equal amount of all my time at their stuff, so I'll make it all up and say that's that's what I'm doing. That's what I'm doing. Yeah, exactly. Oh, because uh and it wasn't even quite true, but it was close to being true. Anyway, then I did the only intelligent thing I had done that day. I uh I told my boss that I gave this interview even more intelligence if I told him before I gave the interview, but I didn't. And I told him after he did. He said, "What did you say?" I said, "Well, I told him about my half and half proposition and so he said, "Oh," he says, "I got I have to call Taylor, his boss." So he called Taylor. My memory is a little faint on this point, but I think he may have called him in my presence, so maybe I had to leave the room, but it seemed like only a microcond before he told me, "You're fired." And I said, "Well," I said, you know, my title is permanent member of the as a permanent member of this outfit. I can He said, "Well, it used to be a temporary me." He said, "I'll tell you the difference between a temporary member and a permanent member." A temporary member has a contract and a permanent member doesn't. So, uh, I didn't have a life to stand on. U, they may have given me a week severance. I don't remember what the deal was, but they were probably more generous than anyway, there I was. I didn't have a job. I had, uh, a wife, three kids, and no job. But I wasn't, you know, I had proved this theorem. I knew I could get an academic job. And so, I wasn't, uh, you know, terrified at the prospect. It was all kind of exhilarating, actually, being fired. Uh, I I think it's good once. You should make a habit of it. You should, you shouldn't make a habit of being fired, but once is perhaps salutatory. Anyway, uh I did get, as David said, this offer at at Stony Brook to be chair. And I thought that would that would really be fun. As I've said before, I thought it would be better to be the fire than the fiery. And uh the department was not strong. They had a great physics department at that time. It was a very new university. And uh I had a wonderful time uh building a department and and uh I met uh Frank Yang, the famous physicist who was who was there. And we we became friends. And uh uh we had an interesting interaction. So he would uh after a few months, he invited me up to his office. He was going to tell me what he was doing. I didn't know any physics, but he was, you know, a Nobel Prize winning great man. And I figured I'd go up and get a lecture. And so I sat down and he told me what he was doing. He covered the board with equations. I didn't understand a goddamn thing. I didn't understand anything. I didn't know any physics. But, you know, I looked and I lried to look as intelligent as possible. Uh, I thanked him very much at the end. And I went back downstairs and we repeated the same thing in year two and then again in year three. But something happened in the middle of the lecture of year three. He kind of showed me these same equations. They were getting familiar. And then I realized I said, "Stop. Stop right there." He said, "Why should I stop?" because you're trying to invent mathematics that was done 30 or 40 years ago. He said what he was doing was in in gauge theory you you use bundles and they have connections but I think he didn't know but you could also have there was such a thing as parallel transport and a holomi group and all that stuff and he was torturously trying to create parallel translation uh in a in a a bundle with a connection and I said you know the mathematicians have done that he said why would they have ever done that why would why would they study that kind of stuff and I said well it was beautiful and natural and it just came out anyway how can I answer that question except say it just came out of mathematics so that was a a great moment because he said okay so we had a se he organized a seminar of the members of this institute for theoretical physics and it was kind of a translation seminar said we say this you say that kind of thing and and uh he even wrote a glossery he even wrote some kind of book with all these these things but it was uh it was it was the smartest group of students I ever had it was his whole faculty so it was uh you know I had uh but it was great and they gave me at the end a very thick dictionary because I'm a terrible speller they gave me one of these things that weighs 100 pounds you know and uh uh as as a gift as a gift for that so in the meantime I was doing geometry myself and I started working with uh churn the the the guy we had become he came in the second year and uh when I was at Berkeley having missed the first year but we became friends uh we didn't do any any science together but we became friends and u and I had while at Stonyie Brook come up with some uh some geometry in three dimensions that looked quite interesting and I showed it to him and he said oh we can do this in all dimensions this is very exciting and so on so we we worked together and uh developed and wrote a paper and that was the roots of these turn Simons invariants which uh have seem to uh be used in a lot of places which is you know an example I mean here we did this math And we didn't think oh it's going to apply to this that or the other thing. I thought maybe it'll apply, you know, maybe other mathematics we built on it as I suppose it was. But uh the idea that it would find its way into physics 10 years later and and become quite ubiquitous. I mean it's in uh condensed matter physics. It's in high energy physics. It's in cosmology. Churn Simon's term and and you know I don't know what they're doing with it. I don't have the faintest idea. But uh mathematics is that way and basic science is that way. You do a piece of basic science you know uh and you don't know where it's going to go. But if it's pretty good science it it uh can lead to uh surprising surprising places. I mean I when Maxwell developed the Maxwell equations did television occur to him as a as a consequence I don't think so you know he just wanted to know how the hell are these how does this work and uh obviously figured it out. So I was doing mathematics with churn and then with a guy named Jeff Chagger uh grew out of that with something called differential characters which now is kind of the root of a subject called differential coology if you've ever heard of that and we got we worked on that and it led to questions that neither of us could figure out about uh rational numbers or certain B check out my API folder. Um, currently I think somebody is calling like the two three gigabyte file and I think the way we're set it up setting things up now is that it's not parallel processed. So imagine we have a 100 people all calling at once. Everybody's got them way in line. Uh, can you first confirm that is the current case? Here's the notes from AI that was trying to call it and Bill baby bill organo knife. >> Yes. Our slogan must be learn baby learn so that we can earn baby earn. >> I looked at the server and this is what I'm seeing now. So I don't know if we have parallel processing or not in there but it's clearly that this got smoked. volumes. Were they rational or irrational? We really wanted to figure it out and we couldn't. He spent a couple years uh struggling with those questions. I won't take where they where they came from. But in the meantime, my investment in Colombia paid off. So part of the company was sold. I had a few bucks. My father had more. But we we we had some money. And my Colombian friends, God knows why, said, "Okay, we have this money. We want you to invest it for us." Now, where they got the idea that I would be any better at investing for them uh than that broker at Maril Lynch years ago, I don't know. But I said, "Fine, I'll do that." And and I had a friend who had been a mathematician and was now a commodity trader and he seemed to be doing pretty well. So I said, "Charlie, we have this money. Would you manage it for us?" And he said, "Yeah, of course. I'll be happy to." He said, "Uh, why not?" It was more than he'd ever seen. So, uh, he thought it was good. And so I made a deal with Charlie. He was going to get 25% of the profits. no fixed fee but 25% of the profits. And I said, "But if we lose much money," and I said, "You know, if we lose 25%, you have to stop. Have we loss?" Okay. But as I was walking out of his apartment, something occurred to me. And I said, "Oh, also, if you make too much, we're going to have to stop." He said, "Well, how much is too much?" It's a reasonable question. I said, "10 times what we invested after your rapacious fee." Well, how could he say no? I mean, 10 times as much. So, he said, "Fine." So, that was the the other stopping rule. We stopped on that basis after 10 months. He had actually had multiplied the money by a factor I guess of 13 and when you take off 20 anyway we actually made 10 times the money. It was incredible. It was just completely lucky. He well I won't I know it was completely lucky but there it was. So uh now I really you know had had some money and I had followed his work. I'd follow his work carefully. In fact he never I had to because he never quite knew where he was. Uh so uh I said okay I'll keep the books every week I'll tell you where you stand. He said, "Okay, that's great. It'll take that my mind off that." So, I did that and uh so I learned a little bit about that. And then it was soybeans in my youth. And uh I thought, "Okay, mathematics is driving me crazy." I uh I was had recently gotten divorced. I was on the wrong side of the first wife. I was involved with another woman uh who turned out to be my second wife and my present wife. And uh I was frustrated with work. So I thought I'm going to go into business and be uh a trader. And uh and I did. I did do that. And uh I brought uh I started doing some trading and that was working okay. I got some investors. I brought in a guy from IDA. He was the best crypto analyst in the world. He was a wonderful model maker and so on. In fact, he I don't know if any of you have ever heard of the bomb Welsh algorithm or the EM algorithm anyway. It's a famous algorithm in statistics. He was the bomb of bomb bomb. So he was a very smart guy. And I said, you know, I'm looking at these commodity charts. Actually, it was currencies that we were trading and they seem to have some shape to them. They don't look random to me. So maybe we could make some models. They said, okay. But it turned out and we did. We made a model. It looked like it was going to be okay and to trade, but we were doing fundamental trading and he he hated the model building. He said, you know, but he loved the fundamental trading. He loved reading the newspapers and reading the tickers and and uh the news tickers and getting ideas. It turned out he was for a while uh very very good. So we put the models aside for a while and uh we traded and we we did very well. We did very well. But it was a gut-wrenching experience. You don't it's you know, one day you walk in and you think you're a genius. Oh, my positions are in my way. look over and the next day you walk in and they're against you and you feel you're you're a dope. How could I have done what I did? And so on. There was no rhyme or reason. It was just, you know, you put your finger in the air and you try to sense which way the the wind is blowing. I'll tell you one story to illustrate the craziness. So it was a time when gold was going up. Uh gold had be had been uh you couldn't buy or sell gold and finally you could and it was the price was rising and it was rising and we had a a deal where uh Lenny Lenny Bomb and I where we'd each have the same we each have our own account. I was the boss but we each had our own account and in our own account in fact we both bought gold. We were supposed to be independent. We both like gold. The call was going up. It was It started at 200 and 300 and 400, $500. It got to $500, which by today's standards would be like $15 or $1,800. Uh and I said, you know, this is this is a very high price. I I'm getting out and I sold my half, but Lenny, I think you should No, you don't know how high this is going to be. You can't this is going to this is going to go very very high. I said, okay. So, he stayed. It was 600. It was 700. It was 800. Got to $800. That day, I happened to be talking to a friend of mine on the phone who was a stock broker. And in fact, he was my stock broker. And uh I said, "How are things, Dick?" and he said, "Oh, well, they're fine. This morning, my wife Lucy came into my closet and cleaned out all of my uh old tie clasps and cufflings and went downtown to sell them." They were gold. They were gold. See? I said, "Well, I you're having a hard time in your family. Why?" She said, "Your wife said, "Oh," he says, "You know, she's a jeweler." I said, "Yes, I know that." He said, "So, she only has to stand in the short line." I said, "What do you mean the short line?" He says, "Don't you know that people are lining up and standing for hours selling their gold?" I said, "No, I didn't know that. Thank you very much." We had a phone in those days. if you picked it up. It was a different phone. If you picked it up, he went right to the floor of the commodity exchange. And I got Lenny in the office and I put the phone up to his ear and I said, "Lenny, sell the gold." In fact, I and he said, "No, no, no, no." I said, "Lenny, I'm the boss. Sell the blankety blank gold." I was uh more emphatic than that. He said, "All right, all right." Oh, he sold the gold. Maybe it was $810. Oh, but he was man. And the next day we came in and it opened at $830. And oh, we said, "I told you by the end of that day it had dropped 25%." It was down to $600 all in one day. and it never of course went back up. So that is an example of common sense and very good luck. The good luck if I hadn't called my stock broker the day I did. Uh anyway held on to that gold would have gone it went back to 200 after a while we would have wrote it written it all the way down I think. And uh so it was just plain luck that I have but it was at least common sense that I thought if everyone in the world is trying to sell their gold how long can it be going up? You know there is such a thing as supply and demand. So uh there it was. So that was what it was like to be a fundamental trader. It was stomach wrenching. Jim X I got Jim Ax who was a very well-known algebraist uh to come and work for us and he was interested in the models at Lenny Estw and he got a good computer programmer and we built some models and he showed that the models would use for currencies would work for all commodities and we were on our way with models and uh well we uh kept fundamental trading but more and more we were trading the models and finally it took about eight years uh the models were good enough and we went to all models and then we started the company this was a 400 we started the company called Renaissance Technologies which uh has been going ever since and uh has 300 people. It has 90 PhDs and uh it's 100% it's 100% model and it's it's been remarkably uh uh profitable uh for a long time and other mathematicians came in to help. I don't know if Ellwin Burlamp is here maybe some of you know Elwin uh Henry Lurer joined us and they each made important uh important contributions. So it has been remarkably successful. So, so people say, "Well, what what's the secret?" And and well, there are a lot of little secrets because the way this works, you have a lot of uh smart guys and they keep inching away and getting a new idea here and a new idea there and you pile them together and soon you have an awful lot of little ideas that are independent of each other and uh you can you know you can make some make some progress. But the I think so people say what's the secret sauce but the secret sauce was really in the first instance having very smart people working for the firm. We were academics ourselves. We had an idea of who was a good scientist and who wasn't. And we brought in and continued to bring in excellent people, not just mathematicians, but uh computer scientists, statistitians, experimental physicists, uh uh astronomers. We got four or five astronomers who are good. They look at data. They can't do experiments. They have to you can't make the star bump into that star. You just have to have to take it as it is. And that's, you know, and uh make models. So, uh great scientists. We built a terrific infrastructure. The computer guys are wonderful. uh we've taken I think it takes in nine nine terabytes a day of data comes into that outfit and it all gets stored and organized and and and dished up to the researchers and so on. So it's a great infrastructure. It's an open atmosphere. Everybody knows what everybody else is doing and every week there's a research meeting. If you've had a good idea that you think it's going to go somewhere, you present it. If it looks good, it's goes to a small meeting. People vet it more carefully. But there aren't little groups working in the dark. Oh, this is my little system and I want you to use it. So, and that's the best way to do science, I think, uh in a collaborative manner. Sure, you don't immediately the first time you get have a thought. You don't run down the hallway saying I have a thought. But uh you know you test it out a little bit but uh so I think that's that's a very good way to do things. Everybody has a piece of the profits. Uh all the senior people own part of the business and that I think is good too. So we have very little turnover and uh and we trade everything world worldwide. Uh we trade it runs 24 hours a day. Not seven days a week but I guess five. And the only rule is we never override the computer. No one ever comes in any day and says the computer wants to do this. That's crazy. We shouldn't do it. You don't do because you can't you can't simulate that. You can't study the past and wonder whether the boss was going to come in and change change his mind about something. So, you just stick with it and it's and it's uh it's worked. So, well, uh so obviously uh I I made money and uh in 1974 with my wife Marilyn uh we started a foundation uh charitable. We've been giving money away. Marilyn thought, hey, we should have a foundation. So, we had a foundation and it was a onewoman foundation. It was in a her dressing room and she had a little box uh with the records and so on. She she studied accounting. uh she was a actually a PhD in econometrics but she didn't know anything about accounting and uh so she took a night course in accounting and uh I I put something on the door of her dressing room there was a wonderful cartoon it showed a medieval setting a big castle with a tower and someone was standing on the tower addressing the multitudes below and one of the multitudes people said to his neighbor and to think he started life as an accountant. So so he studied accounting and uh and we we built up the foundation initially we gave money very broad What are your thoughts on turning this into an iOS app? Would it be doable? Because the main portion of this that makes it doable for for me as a US person is I can build an app for you. You can download and take all responsibility. We don't run. We don't have your keys. We don't hold funds. We do nothing. It's just a trade with and yeah. What is the I guess what I'm getting at is will we be able on a mobile device would they be able to just plug in their >> build baby bill like they do here or sorry secret key and then >> yes our slogan must be learn baby learn so that we can earn baby earn >> broadly to social causes to universities uh to variety of But in uh 2004, which is just 10 years ago, we decided to just focus on basic science and other kinds of giving that we did uh were done outside of the foundation and and the foundation grew and uh it's uh it's a a very uh it's it's very good. It's a good foundation. Uh we have a a large project on uh the causes of autism to try to understand that. It's really a lot of genetics and neuroscience. Uh we have less uh applied things in in in various aspects of life science. Uh we have a math and physical science program in fact that David Eisenbud who's sitting right there uh helped organize for us. Uh uh so we have various kinds of grants and programs and one thing or another. Uh and we also started in the last few years goal-driven collaborative projects. So that's a as it's stated it's a collaborative project consisting of maybe 10 20 30 40 sometimes 50 scientists typically in different places but all working towards a common end. We have one on the origins of life which is an underfunded thing. uh you can't imagine the NSF's going to certainly not the NIH it's not going to give you any money for the origins of life but it's really fascinating and uh that's a project we have a project called many electrons which is sort of a material science uh condensed matter physics uh trying to model the clouds of electrons inside materials it's a many body problem really but you have not only is it many bodies which electrons that would normally repel each other but you also have they're entangled if you guys know what entanglement means it's a strange phenomenon in in quantum mechanics so modeling these big clouds of electrons is extremely difficult to do even though the first principles are wellknown but so what and so uh that that's a project and uh that's going quite well actually. We have a project in microbial oceanography studying all the interactions between the myriad of uh microbes in in the oceans and and a number of other things. So it's uh it's quite a vibrant uh foundation and I think maybe some people here have been beneficiaries. Anyone got a grant from us? Yeah. Oh, you're on the first row. Okay. I I didn't realize that. Okay. Well, uh I mean I knew some people here got grants. So we could all Oh, someone way back there. Why aren't you in the first row with these beautiful girls? So uh so that's that's the foundation. Now actually under less than wonderful circumstances I I went back to uh my older age to do mathematics again and uh in 19 uh in 2004 we lost a son we lost one of our sons and that was obviously very sad and kind of as a refuge I just started thinking about math and you know doing mathematics you can retreat into your head and you're just thinking about a problem and and it can blot out other stuff and and uh I thought about a problem in what's now called differential coology that I had thought about before and I got serious about it and um turned out I I later discovered there was a group of Germans. Any Germans in the audience? Well, anyway, okay, there are some Germans in the audience who were working on the same problem. I didn't know that at the time. Uh, but uh I got an idea of how to solve it. It was but it needed some topology which was beyond me. And I spoke to my friend Dennis Sullivan who probably you've heard of who's a great topologist and together we we solved this problem. We beat out the Germans. They were very nice Germans actually. They came uh over and they they had some other results that we didn't have and so on. And so it was all very collegial. Uh but nonetheless we beat them and uh so that was that was gratifying. Uh and since then I' I've been uh I've written a couple of other papers with that. So I'm back in a small way uh doing doing some mathematics. So I retired from from Renaissance in uh five years ago uh 2009 and uh well I'm the chair so I go to a monthly meeting but uh those guys are are doing a wonderful job. uh Peter Brown and Bob Mercer who uh came out of IBM 20 years ago and uh they ran the speech recognition group for IBM and they came and then they kept bringing members of their group to renaissance and now they're they're running the the company. Oh, and I I've just been uh focusing on the foundation. Uh in fact, uh one of our uh I mentioned the other programs, basic science program, we have a program called Math for America in in New York City, which uh John Euing, who was formerly the head of the executive director of the Math American Math Society, who was here, there he is with his wife Janice. And uh John runs that program and it's a very successful uh very successful program of uh getting competent teachers and and rewarding them in the New York City schools and now in in the state schools as well. And uh so uh that's that's what I do. So so I I gave a similar talk some years ago and my wife said, "Well, you know, you ought to talk uh end the talk with your values values." And I said, I remember I think we were in the car. I said, "But I'm not sure I have any any values. I don't know. I don't know what my values are exactly, but uh I said, "But I I but I have some guiding principles." We'll call them guiding principles, which which I looking back, I think I probably followed. So I have five guiding principles. I'll happily tell you. Um, so one of them is, um, don't run with the pack. Try to try to do something that's that's original. Well, of course you want to do something original, but sometimes it's in in math or in science in general, everyone's kind of running to solve the same problem, do the same thing. If you're really fast, maybe you're going to be the winner, but uh, it's better. Uh, I think uh, probably you're not going to be the winner, but if you can sort of do an end run around things, think about something that other people are thinking about, that's that's a a pretty good way to do things. Now, I've partnered with a lot of people, and I think that partnering with people is terrific, but you want to partner with wonderful people. And you the names I've mentioned churn and Sullivan and uh various people uh John Ewing uh they've been really outstanding David Eisenbut uh outstanding people and uh you can leverage your own efforts and you sometimes get you know partner up with people who are smarter than you but that's fine and uh it's but just have good choice and partners and I think that's I've always tried to do that. A third principle is be guided by beauty. Now you all are mathematicians and you know mathematics is beautiful and um you you know you know when an equation is great or idea is very pretty and so on and that's that's a wonderful aesthetic to uh follow but it's not just true in mathematics. There's there are aesthetics in other enterprises a well-run business is kind of a beautiful thing if everything is just working just right and the the pieces are meshing and it's a good organization that that's kind of beautiful and and it's a so beauty is a can be a good guide. Uh the last well the penultimate uh principle is don't give up. I mean now sometimes discretion is the better part of valor and you can just say the hell with it but uh and go on to something else and and that's a decision we've all made at one time or another. But uh persistence has a lot of value and something that's really worthwhile can take a lot of time to come to fruition and you ought to have patience uh if you believe in something to uh to stick with it. And my final principle is uh hope for good luck. That's it. So, thank you very much. >> We have a few minutes for questions. Uh, so the floor is open. >> Okay, who has a question? All right, there's one there. And speak loudly. >> You know, you did something kind of exciting that maybe didn't sound like the best idea at first, but you went ahead with it anyway and turned out okay. I would like to know do you have any wisdom to share about when not to do something? >> Well, I've not done a lot of things. So, the question is when do you when do I have any wisdom about when not to do something? And uh well, I don't think I have any wisdom on that that anyone else. It looks like a room full of sensible people. And uh you probably can, you know, uh you've had a lot of opportunities to say no. And it's and in particular uh being head of a foundation you really need to know how to say no because uh you know uh if you well anyway I was going to tell a joke but but I won't. Okay. Another another question. Yeah. >> Can you give us your thoughts on your industry industry? >> I I can't hear you. >> Can you give us your thoughts on the hedge fund industry today? What you think is working right? >> Okay. My thoughts on the hedge fund industry today. Do I think it's working right or I think it's or what's right or what's wrong? Well, there are a lot of hedge funds today. When when uh when I started this there were a lot fewer. Uh a hedge fund for those of you who don't know what they are is uh a fund that people invest in. Uh the managers charge a percentage of the profits uh typically let's say 20% and a fixed fee maybe 1 or 2% and uh they manage the money and uh and you uh hopefully benefit from it. Hedge funds have ebed and flow and ebbed and flowed. I don't know what the word is. They got they've waxed and waned. They've got they've got better and they've got worse. They go through periods where uh they seem to be doing all very well. The last two years hedge funds have not done very well. But uh the markets have uh one of the things that's good about some hedge funds buy and sell things and they go long and they go short. You need a certain amount of volatility to make that work. If nothing's really moving then then it's hard then it's hard to make money. There's a lot of competition in hedge funds. There's an awful lot of them today. So I think probably u as a whole industry it's not as successful as perhaps it was when there were fewer. But there are certainly some some good hedge funds and they come in all stripes. We're our fund as as I've told you was 100% systematic and there aren't very many of those. But there are some and a few of them are good. uh but uh but there are many that have other uh policies and uh do fundamental trading and and uh you know there's a range of of approaches. So that's all I can say about hedge funds I think. Okay. >> What's the reason that you chose to focus on these global collaborations? >> What's the reason? >> Why did you choose to focus on these >> on these collaborative goal- driven things? Well, it's not our only focus. It's it's it's a shaping up to be about a third of what we'll do what we're doing and it's not there yet. Uh I I find it uh challenging and and enjoyable. Uh it's uh our autism project which is certainly goal- driven and is is collaborative uh has shown me yeah this is a pretty good way to make progress and and I like I like working with people and I like seeing people working together so uh you you have to be careful you understand that uh the goal may be far off but if they're making progress like this origins of life I mean you know I don't think in my my lifetime I'm going to know the answer which is really what's a completely plausible path let's say to RNA or something like that from first principles how do we get to On the other hand, I see they're making some really nice nice progress and and how this chemical came to in existence of that and they're also looking at exoplanets and seeing and they can look at atmospheres of exoplanets and see what planets might have atmospheres that would be conducive for life. So, a lot of science will get done and gradually we'll we'll uh you know eventually maybe we'll we'll find the answer. So, I like that approach. It's not the only approach. Most of what the money we give out in mathematics is to individual researchers and so on and all those people who held up their hands are individuals. But, uh but I I I like that. >> Yes. When you were a kid, how did your parents help you foster your mathematical knowledge? >> When I was a kid, how did my parents help foster my mathematical knowledge? That's the question. And the answer is they didn't. >> You know, it's something that truly exists. >> I mean, you know, they thought I was and all of us cool, but I don't think >> this is what I believe and I'm willing to die for it. >> Yeah. >> Period. >> Period. >> They said his this boy is going to be a mathematician or anything like that. So I wasn't put into any push in any direction whatsoever except to do my homework. My mother I was not a good homework doer. Like I hated doing my homework. >> Yes. >> Your professional life when you look back would you change anything like going earlier into business or doing more mathematics? >> Okay. So would I change anything as I look back in my professional life? Well not really. I don't think I I made any huge mistakes uh in my professional life. One doesn't know what a different path might have might have led to. But there's nothing that glares and said oh my god I I wish I hadn't done that. I mean there's certainly things in my life that I can say I wish I hadn't said that or or one thing or another or gone out with that particular girl. Uh but uh but uh in general uh no when I look back I think it was okay there's nothing I no big change that I would want to make. with the collection of such smart people. >> Wait, wait a minute. Okay, you next but speak up. with the collection of such smart people technologies and for all the years that you've been working there. Um I would think that at one end you know you guys try to make profit and there's a lot of secrecy involved with the algorithm but I would think that you probably came across a lot of potentally interesting knowledge or new science you ever feel a need for desire to share whatever >> okay okay that's a good question the question is at Renaissance where uh the algorithms that they develop and the ideas are very proprietary and not uh you know you can't patent them or or copyright them because people would just take it over and you you just be in lawsuits all the time. Uh and the question is if we're developing this kind of new science, would we have any wish to sort of share it with the general public uh in some sense or other? And the answer is no. No, but that's not meant as a joke. The the uh there isn't anything that these guys have done that of such generality and power that it would be that it's a shame that the world doesn't know it. It's it's it's a very powerful group of people who can focus on on data and and get some very uh very good results but but there's nothing but so general that it would uh really need to be shared with the world as far as I know. Yes. >> Math education in America can tell us about where came from math. >> Yes. Okay. The question is what are my thoughts on math education uh in America and uh my thoughts are it needs to be better as probably uh most of you most of you realize. So, so uh kind of the background I got interested in this because uh when I went to Berkeley to be a graduate student, I was the beneficiary of a National Defense Education Act fellowship. Now, only the old folks here have probably ever heard of the National Defense Education Act, but when Sputnik went up in 1957, uh the the whole country went into spasm and the Congress said, "Oh my god, you know, the Russians are going to beat us. They'll be on the moon throwing bucker at us soon. Uh we can't get our satellites up. They got theirs up. We need to strengthen the scientific enterprise in the United States. And they did. They created the National Defense Education Act. They beefed up the National Science Foundation. When I got my, as I quarrel with John about this, but I'm going to give the statistic anyway. When I got my PhD in 1961, I think there were fewer than 100 people in the United States, silly 100 Americans who got PhDs in mathematics. 10 years later, there were 1400. Now, 100 was too few. 14. We didn't know what to do with it because uh, you know, there weren't enough academic jobs. But the and and in other professions, other scientific areas, this was similar. There was a lot of growth. We saw a national problem cold war and we were going to solve it through building up our science and we did we did a marvelous job of building up science. Um salaries went up in in in universities for uh those kind of folks and a lot of people came in to science young young people and it was a great success. So when about 15 years ago, I looked around more maybe more uh than 15 years, but and I realized that the teaching math I was only focusing on math in our schools was really not very good. And uh and I realized like we all do that the economy is becoming far more quantitative than than it used to be 40 50 years ago. And more and more of things are based on quantitative methods. And we're not really keeping up. Our teachers by and large don't know in particular in math I think the subject very well because if you know enough math to be a good high school teacher and that means you know college math and something so you're not just one step ahead of the kids if you know that much math and you have the least mental agility which I you'll see in a second I don't have uh you know how to program a computer uh you can go to work for Google you can go to work for Microsoft you can go to work for Apple I have an Apple fellow right here in front of me uh and so and you you know you're going to get paid twice as much and uh and so on. So what's to keep someone who actually knows the field in the profession? Well, you might really like teaching and that's great, but the the pull out so something needed needed to be done to make the job of teaching math and in fact math and science more attractive so that we would educate our kids better and be able to compete in the world. And so I had okay I I have a program I know what to do. A friend of mine or a guy who became my friend Senator Schumer Schumer had just been elected and part of the reason he was elected is because I gave him $250 or whatever it was. Anyway, I was a I was a supporter of Senator Schumer. I probably was a little more, but I it wasn't some huge amount, but I had a party for him and became a friend. And as soon as he got elected, I went right to Washington. I said, "Here's an idea. You got to do this." And I said, "Create this program, reward people who give give teachers a test. If they pass the test, you give them money and uh they'll they'll uh be rewarded and they'll stay in the schools and people will be drawn into the field because they're going to get an extra stipen from the government." You know, like the National Defense Education Act. He said, "That's a great idea. I'll get right on it." As I left his office, another group went in about, I don't know, something about dams on the b beaches of Long Island. And I heard him say some that's a great idea. I'll get right on it. I'm exaggerating slightly, but only slightly. Uh so uh so he didn't get right on. We we had a few conversations, but nothing was going to happen as a federal program. And uh so uh a few years went by and uh then actually MSRI was kind of in the picture because we had a poker tournament to benefit at MSRI. David hooked me up with a few people in New York who were in also in the financial business. I don't know where you found those guys and uh we sat together. How can we benefit MSRI and uh uh one of the guys was a poker player and they were talking and I said, "Hey, you know, I and I like poker." I said, "Why don't we have a charity poker tournament?" And we did. And it worked extremely well. And NSRI got the benefit. But I thought, well, if we're going to do this every year in New York, it better be something that really relates more to New York because I'm not going to get these guys coming out every year to give money to MSRI, which is in California and for math research. I don't know how we talked him into it the first time but uh so then I thought okay you know maybe this is the time to start this program here in the city and just do it ourselves and so uh so we did and uh and we had the tournament every year and that raised some money and of course I provided a great deal of it uh on top of that and uh so that the program was started privately uh two years ago the state of New York uh took on to do the same program outside the city as we're doing in the city and they're building up we have 800 teachers of now math and science in New York City next year it'll be a thousand and that will be 10% of the math and science teachers in New York will be part of this core of really knowledgeable committed teachers. They all get extra stipens and so on and the states doing the same thing and we're hoping that other states in the country uh will take on the federal government is uh in a state of paralysis and uh it's probably better to work through states but it's a long haul. That's a very long answer. I'm sorry. Uh and maybe I'll take one more question. >> Okay. >> Uh as a former math student math educator, what is your opinion of borbachism which is certainly a powerful movement in mathematics in the 20th century? >> You mean Borbach Borbach? Yeah. Borbachi. Do you guys know about Borbachi? You know about Borbachi? Well, it was a sort of a the French of course did this. Any French people in the audience know uh you know they wanted to codify you know uh all of you know in the United States and England we have common law tradition and the traditions grow up and you know you go by various court cases and that becomes a law and one thing or another in France and it's not like that at all. Everything is codified. the whole you know Napoleon wrote this code and you know the French like to codify everything and so Bourbaki wanted to get right down to it and codify mathematics in some way or other I think some of it was pretty good I'm not an expert on it what what do you think about borbaki >> well you mentioned the national science foundation that was created in 1958 by the way by group >> oh that's when it >> I see it was actually created at that time well okay >> at that time I mean they did many good things you also had the school mathematics study group a group of 40 individuals 20 of them were math professors from leading universities the other 20 were headmasters from leading prep schools and they appear to have been heavily influenced by war by key. In fact, they wrote a booklet which contained the following statement which I saw 50 years ago. They said in the 1990s every math student in elementary school will be exposed to topology. Will he catch it? Will they catch it or just be exposed to it? >> Money is not always well spent. >> There's no no question. I'm sure the federal money is not well spent and my Republican friends think not a penny of it is well spent, but uh but I think some of it is. Anyway, I I think we have to stop. David is going to throw me off. >> All right, that was a good little binge on Jim Simon's videos, and I think it was very informative. So I'm glad we watch that.