asked me how do you get data for testing crypto? So, and how do you get crypto data? So, I want to show you a quick straight to the point piece of code here and give you the GitHub all that good stuff. So, you can have data for any symbol that is on Hyperlquid. Hyperlid is one of the major exchanges here in crypto. And if you learn how to do it through here, then you'll understand how to get data from anywhere else as well. You can see they have a ton of symbols. So, I thought this would be a good one to show you the code for. Anyways, I'm going to make sure it's in this GitHub here. The GitHub is in the description. I haven't pushed it yet, so I'll push it at the end of the video, but I want to show you how to uh actually use the code as well. Why do you need data? Data is the number one thing you need in order to become an algorithmic trader. If you're an automated trader, the process that I personally follow and a lot of people follow is the process of automating your trading called the RBI system. So the process starts with researching of trading strategies. Okay, you have an idea whatever it may be. Okay, when the ADX is this and that and the VWAP blah blah blah blah blah whatever your idea may be. Okay, you have that idea. Well, now you need data. You need data in order to test that data in the past. That's called back testing. So research, back test, and then implement into bots. This will save you tens or even hundreds of thousands of dollars. A lot of people, including myself, when they want to automate their trading, they say, "Okay, I'm going to go build a bot." But in reality, there are two steps prior. That's researching and then back testing. You can see this is a free road map. I'll show you how to get at the end of this video. It's free. Uh but I have this code here that you can just plop into your uh AI and just say, "Hey, Mundev already wrote this back test code for me. So, can you go ahead and back test this for me?" So, I could just pull up my AI here and say, "Hey, here's a please go ahead and use this new data source in order to populate a back test with the ADX and the VWAP. Go ahead and build that back test out in the scripts folder and use this data source, you know, pull the hype one day data and then use that data source in the back test. So now that you have somebody like myself that is not like Wall Street, Wall Street will never show you this information. Me, I'm going to show you everything. So you can see here, this is the exact code in order to get the open, high, low, close, volume data for any symbol on Hyperlquid. Hyperlid has hundreds of symbols. So this is a great place to start. You can change the symbol here, hype here. You can change the time frame. Uh this is one day data. If I run this, it'll get one day data. You can see there. Boom. If I wanted to get 15 minute data, I could change that. You could change your back batch size, the number of rows you want. Now, you can see this adjusts the timestamps. This gets the actual open, high, low, close, volume data. What's great about crypto is all the data is free. You can see on the right side, I have the back tester going, which is based off of this code that I give you in the free road map. I'll show you that here in the end. I want to make sure you see all of this data code because being a data dog is is the only way to do this. You must be a data dog in order to automate your trading. So you can see here this is how you convert all the data. It comes back in UTC time. So keep that uh in mind. Most data from exchanges will always come back in UTC time. We go ahead and make the columns. I use pandas as my CSV as my CSV tool. I use pandas for everything. This if you're not aware of pandas, they create data frames and it's very easy to be a data dog, a data scientist with pandas. You can see it only took 200 lines of code in order to do this. And now I also built out this back test in the script. So you can see if you have a template, this stuff goes fast. When I first started automated trading, it used to take me like four to eight hours to write a back test. Now, you just saw it done while I was showing you this other code. So, here's the back test based off of that idea, based off of this data that I just gave you. So, where do you get this data? Well, it's going to be in the GitHub in about two seconds. So let's say get add dot get commit slashm uh hyper liquid data source get push. Okay, now you have a hyperlquid data source. Now here's a tip for you. All of the exchanges you get data almost the same way. Okay, hyperlquid. You can see here if you go to mundave AI agents, type that into Google or the link below. Go to SRC for source. go to scripts and you can see the exact data that I just gave you. Hyperlquid data.py. So now you have the ability free and open source in order to get data from Hyperlquid. But what I was about to tell you dude and keep this close to your chest because this took me actually a couple years to figure out. Sometimes they'll only give you 30 days of data. But what if you want 300 days of data? What if you want 5 years of data? What if you want 10 years of data? Now, don't tell anybody this, and this is the last thing I have for you today, but since these crypto exchanges, they give you they give you free data, and sure, you might only be able to call 30 days of that data at a time. And keep this one close, only for the people who made it all the way through here. All you have to do is loop it. grab the last 30 days and then the 30 days prior and then the 30 days prior to that and then the 30 days prior to that. So now you have a system in order to get 30 days of data or whatever hyperlquid max is. You can go ahead and convert this now because you have the code. Go do it on Kraken. Go do it on Binance. Go do it on Coinbase. Whatever. But that's the secret right there. You got to loop it. And that took me a while to figure out. So now you have the code to show you how to get soft short data here on Hyperlquid and now you have the idea in order to get data from anywhere else. Now in equities and futures you got to pay hundreds of dollars of for data. So I think this is a huge edge for retail. I wanted to show you this because I believe code is a great equalizer. All the code is here in the GitHub and I also said I'd give you this road map. So how do you get this beautiful road map? This is better than a book because it's still alive and I'm still here. I'm still chasing Jim Simons, dude. I'll show you step by step how to code, how to build a bot, how to find strategies, how to use AI. You get inside of our Discord community. All of this can be found if you just go to the link in the description. This is my boot camp. I show you step-bystep how to automate your trading. You don't have to join the boot camp if you don't want to. It's only for people who really want to go fast. I show you step-by-step short videos in the boot camp. But if you put your name and email into this right here, I send you the road map for free. You don't have to join the boot camp. Is that clear? It's free. Join the email list. You get the road map. I gave you the code to the getting data here today. So, you can go get unlimited data from Hyperlquid if you just rewind this video or you go to the GitHub. I pushed it. It's there. Now you know how to get data for 100% free for as long as you want on any time frame.