For the past 5 years, I've been trying to show this all free on YouTube. I've been saying automate your trading. Remove emotions right now. But I don't just tell you to go automate your trading. I show you how. I give you a system that has worked really well for me. I went from unprofitable to profitable because I automated my trading. Now, of course, if you have unprofitable strategy and you automate it, you're going to lose money. But I've built a system based off of trial and error. The process of automating your trading starts with research. So as a hand trader using 40x leverage like we are all using here. I see everybody that's close to liquidation. Everybody's using 40x leverage. Going from that to becoming a quant, an algorithmic trader, whatever you want to call it, big head. The process of automating your trading, the system that I teach for free on YouTube, it starts with research. Okay? So now you're researching strategies, you're reading papers, you're reading books or listening books. I like Audible, listening to chat with traders, different podcasts, reading market widget, all these books that everybody's telling you all their strategies. Are they going to be your plug-and-play strategies? No, of course not. But you're going from unprofitable hand trader that's using 40x leverage just like everybody here to a quant researcher. Okay, now you find a bunch of strategies you think might work. Okay, next step. You're not building a bot yet, buddy. No, no, no, no. You're gonna go back to us. See if those strategies actually work in the past. If they work in the past, they might work in the future, but they're not guaranteed. So, this system is robust. And I've taught thousands of people how to do this. So, I've got the data. And you know, I'm a data dog. But the data is telling me something else, dude. Not many people like you and I. Not many people that will actually learn how to code. not many people that would be persistent enough to go through the ups and the downs. But I figured out a system that's robust and I can tell people every single day with 100% certainty, if you automate your trading, you will be more profitable because if you're following my system, you're done trading by hand. You're done using 40x leverage. No, you're not doing that anymore. You are a quant now. And if you're following my system, the RBI system, you're taking that time where you used to stare at the screens, get depressed, lose all your money, spend a month, two months, three months in a dark room staring at these screens, using too much leverage up and down, you get up big, then you get liquidated. I take traders that are losing hundreds of thousands if not millions of dollars trading by hand with too much leverage and I give them my system with short concise videos step by step exactly how do you research where do you find ideas? How do you build a backlog of ideas that will actually work? What books should I read? Got a huge book list here. This is all free, dude. Moonab.com/roadmap. There's a bunch of books for you to get started. podcast between Market Wizards and the Chat with Traders podcast. Dude, you got 400 different traders to get in their mind. Are their ideas going to be plug-and-play? No, dude. Of course not. But they might tee off a great idea for you. So that's your research. So you go from unprofitable trader that is sad and depressed because you're losing money, overtrading, staring at the charts all day to a quant researcher. Okay, you got some good ideas. Now let's back test. Let's use some open high, low, close volume data. See if the strategy works in the head. Big head's going to say, "Oh, back test blah blah blah." Okay. Well, you can use different data as well. You know, I'm I'm on to a different level using liquidation stuff that actually works really well on a back test. But let me tell you this. Just because my liquidation data works really well on a back test doesn't mean it's going to work in the future. Why? Because there's things like, okay, if I'm if I'm back testing on BTC liquidations, I'm assuming the perfect fill. Are you going to get the perfect fill? No way. Okay, only the exchanges do. But to say automating your trading is not the way, at least make sure you understand the system that I'm teaching first because I've had so many testimonials. You just go look it up. Go look it up. Algo Trade Camp reviews. I've had so many testimonials that are deeper than who's smart, who's a good trader, who's this or that. I've had so many testimonials of people telling me that I've changed their lives because they they used to sit here in these charts for days on end using too much le leverage having so much anxiety and then once they finally took me up on my system their life just got exponentially better. Yes, maybe they haven't got to the bot right away. That's fine. I'm glad. That's the whole point of the system. I learned the lesson that just because you automate a bot doesn't mean it's going to be profitable. I've told that story over and over again. I went ahead I I finally learned how to code. It took me hella long to learn how to code and then it took me hella long to learn how to build a bot and I skipped the R and the B. But my loss, my failure is why I can teach this because now I have a robust system that I follow every day and I literally use this road map. So feel free to grab a big dog. Feel free to grab it. To say automating your trading with a system like this is not better than hand trading. Again, big head. Let's go. If you take a trader that's losing hundreds of thousands of dollars, tens of thousands, $1,000, a million dollars, $10 million, and you say, "Hey, you cannot trade anymore until you research and you back test and you make sure things at least work in the past. If they work in the past, they're not guaranteed to work in the future." I know there's so much in between this. Okay, talk about forward testing. Go ahead, be smart. Go be smart below in the comments. Let me know everything that this is missing. Let me let me know everything is missing. But again, the reason the people follow me is because I can communicate on a level that big head quants can't. They don't want to. They don't want to bring their ego down and speak to us pleb. were just autistic little plebs to them. Automating your trading is the way. If you're gonna keep trading, you have to approach it quantitatively. You have to automate your trading because in order to actually build a bot, you have to at least prove it in the past. And that is un you can't argue that that a back test is a better indicator than a 9:30 a.m. open. I had my coffee. I don't know. You tell me. But at the end of the day, I am I'm done with this. I'm done with I'm done with teaching. Um I'm a data dog. Like I said, I've been telling you guys there's a few spots left here for a week now. I've seen, you know, a few people dribble in, but I see 10, 20, 30, 40 people in here at the same time. Thousands of people watching these videos. I've been saying I've been begging you, but honestly, that's that's my mistake. I've been begging you to automate your trading. That's my big-headed mistake, dude. That's my arrogance. Me thinking, "Oh, dude, just automate your trading. Stop losing. Automate your trading. Stop using leverage. Automate your trading." But that's a huge endeavor, dude. You had to You have to learn how to code. I didn't know how to code till I was 30 years old. I locked in because I had to. I was trading too big a size by hand, emotionally, with too much leverage. I had to. But a lot of people just don't want to go through that. And that's that's fine. It's my big-headedness thinking that I I know the way. It's my way or the highway. I truly believe if you're a trader and you don't automate your trading, you're going to lose all of your money eventually because it's about a thousand trades. It's not about one or two trades. It's not about one or two trades. So, if you take a quantitative approach, specifically the system that I show, you're going from losing money to researching, finding great ideas, and then back testing to see if they actually work in the past. And if they work in the past, don't get too excited yet. Don't use Trading View either. If they work in the past, okay, let's let's launch a bot with small size and scale it up over time. Then we'll talk about uncorrelated systems that you can have running together so your P&L curve smooths out. Come on, dude. I'm done teaching this. I'm not going to share this stuff anymore. If you want into the boot camp, feel free to jump in. The link is somewhere on my Twitter or YouTube or whatever, but I'm not smart enough for this industry. So, I'm just going to go ahead and do what everybody else does. 40x leverage. 40x leverage. 40x leverage. 40x leverage. This is heartbreaking to me, dude. Heartbreaking. I spent 5 years trying to give you the a legit system to help you get away from your anxiety, your depression of staring at these screens all day. But nobody's nobody nobody really has the the persistence or the commitment to to really change their life and learn how to code and approach this industry the way that all the big head smart guys do. Jim Simons did it. They all approach this industry quantitatively. So instead of teaching this now I am simply going to try to build some of my qu ideas into this downloadable app. And I don't have high faith in it to be honest because I don't think I can trade with 40x leverage. I think it's too emotional. But we'll see. And if it works for me, then I'll release it. But yeah, I'm done. I'm done teaching this stuff. Much love to you. 77.