God, just every day, dude. Every day. It's so exciting. You just get to wake up, do your little thug fizzle, and then just build. Build, baby, build. Learn, baby. Learn so we can earn, baby. Earn. Learn, baby. Learn so we can earn. Baby, earn. Thank you, MLK Jr., love you. We miss you. And we will keep learning. We will keep learning so we can keep earning. Good morning. Good morning. Let me go ahead and get the keys for everybody in the chat. And then I can get laed. I've got five open claws here and I want to start assigning them some tasks because we're set up with the infrastructure. I need to get their GitHub set up. That's the first thing. That's the first thing. But the zero the zero if thing is getting you the key. So, let's do that. All right. So, I'm here in the let me say SSH HL node. So, I'm getting into my node here so I can get you the new API key. As you know, if you get in here before the end of the day, you get full access to the Hyperlquid data layer API that I built. Claude, run it. Okay, I'm over here on my server getting the key for you. I got Cloud 4.6. Of course, of course, of course, of course. Let's go ahead and get that key ready for you. Each day I do update the key because this is an institutional grade key, something that is not going to be cheap, but I wanted to reward you for actually showing up. Some people will sign up for a $5 thing and they'll miss it. They're like, "Nah, I'mma sleep in." Nah, I'mma catch the replay. Nah, problem is there's no replays anymore. Uhoh, Spaghettiios, no more replays. Did he slide with that? Please go ahead and update the key, meaning deactivate the old one and then give me a new one. Thank you, Shorty. Did Did he just sneaky update you guys? taking away replays. Oh my god. What's next? What is next that he's going to take away? Lock in. This is war. Let's go here. mundave.com and let's see the new page. What was released yesterday. Let's go read through it really quickly so we can be updated on what you got here today, what you'll get here in the future. And I'm just going to keep tightening up. Keep tightening up. Keep tightening up. Okay, I got the key ready here for you. So, let's go ahead and ensure that it works. First off, I can bring up my app here and let's go to the trade tab. And it should be like, you're cooked. Oh, yes, you are. Okay, let's put the key in here. Make sure it works. And then if it works for me, it should work for you. This gives you access to many things. gives you access to the app. You can see everybody's positions. Beautiful code tab I'll be using all day. It also gives you access to everything you see on this page here. So, what happens when you watch over my shoulder? We'll see. Dude, 3 hours. No script. I got a to-do list and I need to do the one priority. The whole priorities thing is a scam. Priority means one thing. Otherwise, it's a to-do list. So, I'mma look at my to-do list, figure out the one thing, and then we're going to just cook for a couple hours, dude. Three hours. No script. Real trade bots bill. Let's get it. It's five bucks. You get in. But like I said, I did remove the replay and I I substituted the replay with a how to automate your trading master class. And what's great about that is yes, you're not going to get the replay anymore, but you can learn how to automate your trading. Now, if you're already a member, if you're lifetime member, you'll still get replays. Don't worry. Uh, if you have the vault, I'll throw them up there every so often. Um, but I did remove the whole like replay on the page that you join for $5. I think this should be worth $5 in itself. No more replays. We're tightening up, dude. We're tightening up. We got to keep tightening up. We got to keep the ops out. I can't let them see what happened yesterday. No way. Here's the key, by the way. It does work. You will get access to the API, which you do have now. It'll be for 24 hours or till next time I'm back. If I take a day off, which I haven't in a long time, then the key will be active longer. API key. You saw it powered the app. You got that app right here. Guan Appeta. You also got the AI. So if you go to mundave.comdocs, moon mundave.comdocs, you can read everything the API does. You can see we added this new section here. Um, we got the AI, Mundev AI, so you can hit that AI as much as you want. It's a black box though. >> Two to four. >> And now you're pay >> 7 to 9. Look how much more training I have done by simply starting at four. Right? And so now you do that and as the years go on, the separation that you have with your competitors and your peers just grows larger, larger, larger, larger, larger. And by year five or six, doesn't matter what kind of work they do in a summer, they're never going to catch up. >> They're never going to catch up. This instant access thing though is a little misleading. So, I'm going to remove that. Um, let's say su-mund. I'm over here on my uh my server here. The wrong password. What you talking about? Gang gang. Is this the wrong Let's go ahead and Okay. So, let's go here. S SSH S SH Moon Dash. Okay. So, I'm getting into my uh server here. Okay. And then I'm going to say S U switch user Mundav. Okay. Then I'm going to say C for claude. And I got Claude cooking. Um these are the things you get when you get here today. I've already sent them in the chat. Uh the API the API key the Munddev app need to change the verbiage on that real quick. And then the algo trading road mapap is so sick. So sick. It's better than book. It's better than any book you can buy on algo trading road mapap. Moonab.com/roadmap. Throw that API key in and you're going to be good to go. Can't see the terminal. Yeah. I want you're not going to be able you're not gonna be able to see this one. You're not going to be able to see this one. But so um on mund.com just a couple quick changes I need you to make. First off the how to automate your trading masterass is actually a threehour step-by-step masterass. Okay. So change that to from 45 minutes to 3 hours. Okay. And then the we can remove under get everything for $5. We can remove that instant access after purchase because technically none of us instant unless they're joining right before the call, right? So it's a little just misleading verbiage I'd say. And then instead of quant app beta, call it the Mundev app. Drop the beta. still in beta, but it's always going to be in beta. 24-hour access. Okay, this is very transparent, right? 90-day money back guarantee, no questions asked. Just want to make sure uh when you get in here, you are getting exactly what you you thought you were getting. I understand this is ambiguous, but it's better than me writing out a plan every single day and telling you that exact plan. I'm not doing that. I'm not doing that. I'll cook and show you everything, though. I cook and show you everything. How about that? That's a fair trade. And if you're on the outside, I'll put you on a 14minute ad, 12minute ad often. Like, how about now? There is so much I have to show you here today. Every single day I'm live, but I do private lives in Zoom now. So, if you want to chat with me and you want to see all the code, you can see like some of the code is blocked from your screen. I just block it with this little thing here. Um, the reason is I got hacked the other day and it's because some I showed something on my screen. So, there are prying eyes that I can't I can't let see everything. You can still listen to me, of course, and you'll get some uh you know, there'll be some breaks that you won't be able to see everything, right? Um, I'll I'll keep the live open for YouTube, but there's going to be a block on my screen and there's going to be um these segments where I tell you about jumping into the private stream because if you jump into the private stream, there's a link. It's at mundav.com and you're going to get an API key to Hyperlquid's data layer that I built here and this is a direct node and you literally can't get this data anywhere else besides the API key that I drop in the live stream. So you can see I'm able to see all liquidation levels. I'm able to see uh Binance liquidations. I'm able to see OKX liquidations, everybody's liquidations. I'm able to watch HLP. HLP is Hyperliquid's market maker. I get to see every single one of their trades. I also get to see every single um win loss analysis of every single trader. So you can see this is trade history of anybody. So, I can just call anybody's address on Hyperlquid and see exactly what trades they've made and when they're making trades. This is stuff. This is like a institutional grade API that will cost more than $1,000 per month. And you actually get access when you join one of my live streams. So, every live stream I put down an API key, but not only that, you also get the full replay. Everybody wants replays of my lives and you get a full free replay. All you have to do is go to moonondav.com and you're going to get a replay of yesterday's stream which was $5 and today's stream. So, it's just five bucks and you get all of that, but you also get this API key. And I said this is going to be $1,000 plus per month. You can see I have a smart money call. So, things that Wall Street is looking at, I we can all see with this API key. It's Hyperlid's data layer that I built because I believe uh it needs a better API in order to call things faster. I was building out the quant app here that is essentially looking at people's liquidations and I ran into the problem like I need this data faster. So I launched a node and then I made it available for everybody that comes into the zooms each day. But again they're private zooms only because I've got people that are watching my screen looking for me to drop a key, drop a AP I, whatever. And just some sort of vulnerability. I got hacked. So, I just can't show this live on YouTube anymore. So, I cover my screen again like this. I'll just have this up pretty much all day. Uh these are my stats from the previous week. Uh you can see my stats there. Uh since everybody in YouTube, they seem to just be coming by to see uh what's in my pocket. So, um, since I started trading with the Quant app, which is pretty much my 5 years of experience built into a downloadable app, I did this because first off, I don't believe in hand trading. I'm an automated trader. But I looked at the data and everybody's still using 40x leverage. And I looked at I have over 150,000 people now following me, 100,000 on YouTube, 50,000 on Twitter, and only a small small percentage ever took me up on the offer of learning how to code. I teach you how to code and then automate your trading. I used to teach that stuff. Um but only a tiny tiny percentage actually did did that. They actually joined the boot camp and then out of that maybe 50% of them actually completed the boot camp. So I have the data that 99% of people are just trading by hand using 40x leverage. So I'm trying to solve this problem, the 40x leverage problem. Uh so I'm doing a little bit of kind of hand trading. I'm not able to enter positions without liquidations happening. So, I'm really just taking over people's liquidations. And why am I taking over people's liquidations? It's because that Hyperlid, that's their strategy. So, if you go to Hyperlquid here and you go to Vaults here, their HLP provider, they put in $1,000 into this HLP provider and it's at $118 million. That's why I built out this data layer to watch every single one of their moves. I know exactly what positions they're they're doing. This is the HLP dashboard. I mean, I I know exactly when they're entering, when they're exiting, where they're sitting. I have a bunch of calls that will go ahead and just keep me uh into the know of what they're doing. Plus, every other trader on Hyperlquid. Hyperlid opened up the financial system for the entire world. And before this, there was no way for us to see where people get liquidated. So, based off of this premise, I've built some really great automated trading strategies. And since I am here now building for the public, building for those 40x hand traders, I built the Quant app and I'm using that liquidation strategy or one of the liquidation strategies. Of course, there's still intuition here. So, it's not like you can download this Quant app and make a million dollars. No way. There's still some experience and intuition, but this puts like bumpers around your trading. You know, there's risk controls here. I can never use more than X amount of my account. I can't lose more than 3% of my account in a day. Things like that that are just hard to do as a hand trader. I built into the quant app, but I think the main feature is buying and selling around people's liquidations. Nobody can predict price. And if you think you can, you're probably going to get smoked. I think by now you realize that, hey, within like a 1 2% range, it's really hard to predict price. So instead of predicting price, I'm predicting which liquidation to buy. So, for example, I could say when this guy gets liquidated right here, I will buy a portion of my portfolio, but instead of just saying, "Hey, I'm going to buy now or sell now." I'm just waiting for somebody to get licked. So, it's just a quantitative approach I'm trying to build into a downloadable app because I realize 99% of people are still trading by hand and still using 40x leverage. So, if that's the biggest problems trader traders have, that was my biggest problem. I was getting liquidated when I was using leverage, but now I'm three plus weeks in using 40x leverage. And if you go look at my Twitter or on my screen right now, you can see that this week I I had a a nice return. I use 10K max size. So $4,900 or $4,900 return is about 49%. That's amazing. Is it going to work for you? I don't know. I can't guarantee your results. I don't know how you trade. I don't know how risky you are, but I know that for me with 40x leverage, I wouldn't last more than 3 days and I'd be staring at the screen the entire time. So, so far so good. It's It's helped me last 3 weeks and I'm up instead of blown up. So, I don't know. But what this led me to was, hey, I need these liquidation this liquidation data way faster. With the API, you can you can't get this data this fast. You can see how it's changing every second. I have a node launch. I'm connected to the node. And that node, you have all the data if you join the zooms, the private zooms, because you get a free API key. You can see every single tick data. If you're trading right now algorithmically and you're not using tick data, you're just missing out on a huge edge because every tick matters. It's not about open, high, low, close, volume data. You need the tick data. So, I've got the tick data for all tokens. That's crazy. Just hit that API. So you get the API key when you join. It's only for people in the Zoom. I just launched this data layer, so we're rolling it out slowly. It's only for people in the Zoom. If you want the API key, it's only for Zoom people. You can see there's a ton of other great things here like liquidation, fetching people's positions, the top 10 closest liquidations to uh getting liquidated, positions getting liquidated. So kind of like what you see in the Quant app. But yeah, I just wanted to give you an update here. Um, you can just go to moonundave.com and sign up for the live. And the cool thing I do is I'm here usually for a couple hours at least, sometimes more, but you can see you get a free API key. And that's a $4,850 value for the Hyperlquid data layer. If you want to go check out the docs as well, mundave.comdoccks. But I highly recommend just jump into the live right now because I I overloaded it with value. You might have more talent than me. You might be smarter than me. But if we get on the treadmill together, right? There's two things. You're getting off first or I'm going to die. >> It's really that simple. >> Now, the p page might look different than this if you're if it's today, but hey, you know, it's every single day around 7 a.m. Eastern. I'm here for 2 to seven hours. And the cool thing is is if you get in before the end of the Zoom, you get yesterday's full replay as well. So you get a replay from yesterday and you get today's free replay. So if it's if you still see me on if you still see me on, you know, you can get in and you can get that day's full replay and yesterday's full replay. And then on top of that, if you get in to the Zoom before it's over, you get the API key. So every single day I'm dropping a new API key. So, that's just a nice little incentive for you to make sure to actually show up. But, as you can see, you're going to get my full private stream. This means you get to chat with me all day long. You get to ask me anything in the Zoom chat. That's the chat I look at. Those are the people that are on in the inner circle. Those are the people that I want to be speaking to. So, if you join the private live by clicking the link going to modded.com, you get for $5, a $5 foot long, you get number one, you get the Zoom access, so you get to chat with me live all day long. You get the full stream, you get to see all the code. You don't have this big thing on your screen anymore. Like, you have that on your screen so you can't see my code because I can't have outsiders see my code because I got hacked. So, you get the full stream access. You get Zoom chat access. You can ask me anything. Okay, those both independently are worth more than $5, right? People will pay me thousands of dollars to consult, but you get to ask me all day long questions that you have. So, jump in right now because you get the full stream, you get full chat, you get full replays. So, you get yesterday's replay as well. So, people paid five bucks to get in yesterday. You get that full replay. You get today's full replay. You get the API key. If you're in the Zoom before the end of it, I'll throw the API key. Every single day, I put a new API key in there. You get yesterday's everything is healthy there or everything should be healthy, all the API endpoints. And if they're not, just holler at me. But I have this monitor running all day that's checking all 55 endpoints of the API. Okay. Um, let's go ahead and say TFlow, bro. And then let's go ahead and say uh Python. Well, let's go ahead and say CD up into that P. Okay. And then we're gonna go ahead and say Python. What the hell? Okay. So, I got to go do a little PWD action. PWD. Okay. PWD. If you know what PWD is, it means uh what is it? Path. Path we down in. Yeah. pathway down in or something like that. And then I get up into that path. And then I go ahead and I get that back again here. And let's close tab. Let's close the tab. Here we go. We're going to go ahead and grab this source. Now, what is this thing doing? I put it on here because I'm going to close the app over and over again today. And I'm going to keep building on it. And when I build on it, if I don't want to run bots up or scripts or anything in it because then I forget and to rerun it. So I'm putting it down here on its own because this thing will just cook ideas over all day based off of what I'm saying. It's using internal whisper and then it's like, okay, well based off what you said, there should be an autonomous trading strategy factory, a self-generating back testing and optimizing engine that runs 24/7 creating novel trading strategies. stress testing them against historical data via Munda's back test infrastructure or a self-healing multimarket bot fleet. Not not all of these are going to be good, but this is the way I think about it is like if I have somebody that's always listening to me 24/7 or not 24/7, whenever I'm here and dissecting every 15 minutes, like what's the most fire thing that we could do to run it run it up to a billion? Okay, so that's their prompt. It's like I don't want any [ __ ] I don't want like QC stuff. I don't want that. I don't want that. I don't care about that. I want you to work on $100 million use cases minimum. I want each and every one of my open claws to be working on a h 100red million minimum minimum minimum because why not? Why not? That's that's that's why that's why I want them doing 100 million minimum is because why the [ __ ] not? Everybody else is debating if this can run better on Ubuntu or Windows. I got five of these hoes set up chasing a billion on each. I get 90. There's a 90% chance this is just hype. I get it. I was here for AutoGPT, too. But [ __ ] if there's a 10% chance, you know, I'm scaling this [ __ ] And every single thing she I I talk about, she's going to analyze deeply and figure out, hey, dude. Hey, hey, let's get this guy on this billion dollar project. I did give it 100 million. I kind of bitched out there, but I I figured that okay, like I'll work on the billions while they work on the hundreds of millions and then it just makes sense to pay however much. Like I can justify paying as much money as possible, you know? I can justify any amount of payment. If she's really chasing $100 million opportunities, I have five of them. Here's one. Chilling. Just ready. Mac ready. Open claw. You just need a good idea and I don't want to do BS. I've tested I've tested some really good things and I'd arguably have the best use cases that are public. But trying to I'm trying to chase bees, bro. Cuz why not? Why not, dude? Why not? Why not? Why not? Okay, let's go ahead and say Python run it. Okay, so now she's going to listen at all times and figure this out. Now I need to go ahead and ask this. What would a good structure be? So, I've got five open claws on five different computers. They're all logged in with my um Okay. Yeah, they're all logged in with the same Gmail. I think that's fine. Okay, I think that's fine. But the question I have for you is how do we maintain these separately but be able to work together? Okay, I have one main or two main GitHubs I would like to share with all five of them. But if that GitHub is using my Gmail to log in, how do I go ahead and make a new GitHub for each of them? Yeah, I think I would make a new GitHub from for each of them, right? And then they would all be able to pull my code and then what would they do? Commit PRs. I don't want them to push to the main version. But I could keep them in different folders so they stay there in each folder. That could be a good idea actually. But I'm trying to conceptualize how to work best with these five different computers that all will have AI capability to do anything on those computers and ideally scale to 500. So I need to think in big numbers here, but starting with five for the next like I don't know couple weeks. All right. So, Donald Trump is our president. So, it means that like any [ __ ] [ __ ] can be president. I would argue that I am I am exponentially more [ __ ] So, I actually believe I could be president if I wanted to. What is the path to that? You know, [ __ ] all the [ __ ] like you saying it's hard or whatever, yada yada. I get it. You just have to be 35 and born in America. I qualify. This mofo has so many advantages because he's president. >> Wasted living someone else's. >> I'm an algo traitor, a quant. I'm chasing alpha. One of the biggest unlocks is being able to put an imprint of your thoughts on not just the US, but the world. It's like the biggest the biggest goal in the world you could chase and you could actually have real change because come on, we got we have a [ __ ] a [ __ ] racist right now as our president. Anybody could become president. Give me a a give me a structure here to a 2year chase of this that extends to 6 years just in case you know I miss this one. actionable plan that I will send to an AI that has its own computer that will work on this campaign for the rest of time being because I'm only 36. So if I don't get it in two years at 38, that's fine. Okay, next one's at 42. I'll probably I'll probably be president by 42. And if I if I'm not, then I'll try again at 46. And then if I don't get it by then, I'll try again at 50. You see what I'm saying? I have like unlimited shots at this. I just hate the state of America right now. I hate it. [ __ ] I've always hated it. But Obama was our only glimmer. So give me a plan. Give me a plan that I'll send to this AI that has full access to a computer and can work on this for the next 50 years if needed. All right, let's go ahead and get that going. So let's see here. Great question, Mundev. Here's how I think about this. The core problem, five autonomous agents, each on their own machine, need to pull from your main repos. do work independently. Submit changes without stepping on each other or pushing directly to main. Recommended setup fork model. So, one GitHub account per agent. Okay, here's why. Each agent forks your main repos to get their own GitHub account or to their own GitHub account. They work on their fork freely, commit, branch, whatever. When they have something ready, they open a PR to your main repo. You This is exactly how open source projects work together with hundreds of contributors. Practical setup for five agents. Your GitHub main repo protected. Agent one fork work works freely. Agent two. Okay. Okay. The key roles never push to the main only PRs. Each agent syncs from upstream. Why not the same GitHub? Okay. So, what I want you to do then is this. What I want you to do is go ahead and give me some rules that I can send to each of the agents right now so they know how to work with the GitHub and know to never push the main, etc. Okay, so this is going to be fire, dude. This is going to be fire. Let's see what's going on here. This is going to be fire. I respect the energy. So, you're right. Constitutionally, you qualify and the barrier to entry is lower than people think. I think it is. I mean, it's clear. It clearly is. Like, anybody can be president. So, [ __ ] I can do anything, dude. I can do anything. I could do anything. You can do anything. Let's compete. Let's compete. Come on. Let's go. Mundav presidential campaign multicycle plan. The math cycle uh 2028 I'd be 38 years old. Primary target. Strong fall back at 42. Okay, let's get it. Dude, you have four plus shots minimum. Minimum. Minimum. Minimum. That's an insane advantage. Most candidates never get. Okay, so let's shoot here. Let's shoot here. 2028, 2032, 2036, 2040, phase one, foundation, identity, and platform. Pick three to five core issues that you really care about. Register as a candidate with the FEC when ready. It's a form, not a gatekeeping process. Choose a party or go independent. Lock in your narrative. Digital info, personal website, social media. Okay. Podcast or YouTube. Form an exploratory committee. Get an election lawyer. Set up pack or super PAC. Yeah. Yeah. I'll get my open claw on it. Let's get it. Yeah. Yeah. We'll have some AI get me to the presidency. We'll see. We'll see. We'll see. We'll see if the open open claw can make me president. Oh, you can do anything, bro. You can do anything. Let's get it. Jim, I'm sorry, baby. I'm sorry. I pulled a little more alpha out than than you could, Jim. I'm sorry. We're just getting started. You just gave your dude the tools that he needed to become anything he wants to be. I know AI and I know it deeper than you cuz I kind of know how to code. I'm not Desh now. Not Gil foil. No, but I like it. Here you go. Mundave. Copy and paste this to each agent. Okay. Open claw agent get rules. Okay. So you are openclaw agent number. your GitHub account is that never push to Mundav's main repository directly. Well, do I need that would be kind of annoying to set up a new email address for each of them? Let me think about this harder. Okay, I don't really want to set up a new email address for each of them. So, I want to think of a different way to do this. the lowest hanging fruit to start. You know, later we can set up different things, but I have one extra GitHub that my main um open claw is on. Her name is Cracker and essentially she has her own GitHub. So maybe we could do it in a way where all of my AIS use Cracker and just make a folder within. I don't know. This is a tough decision, but I'm really really not trying to make five different emails and whatnot for GitHub. That's the thing that I'm trying to avoid. I've got my main GitHub that I use Mundav uses and then I've got Cracker's GitHub and we could have Cracker take care of all the AIS or something. I don't know. You tell me, gang. Maybe even Cracker, they all publish. Nah, I don't know. I need some help here. I need some help here. I need some major help. Okay, so let's see what she says. The real talk, the things that actually win. Authenticity, consistency. Damn, dude. Those two things are the I mean, I'm authentic as [ __ ] with you. People say I overshare. He's a little too comfortable up here. Of course, dude. I've been here for years. Of course I'm comfortable up here, dude. I've been talking to [ __ ] [ __ ] all [ __ ] day for years. Just lock in, gang. Lock in. Okay, here's the simplest play. Mundave, no new accounts needed. The setup. Okay, Mundav is mine. Your repos live here. Protected sacred. Cracker's GitHub. Cracker forks your repos. All five agents pushed there. Ha ha ha ha haha. All five agents share Cracker's GitHub account. They stay out of each other's way. Cracker's fork of your repo stays synced with your repo. Nothing touches it. Cracker's fork of your repo stays synced with your repo. Nobody Nobody touches it. Each agent touches branches with their prefix. PRs go from Cracker's fork to your main repo. So Cracker's fork. Cracker has a fork. Cracker has a fork and then all of the agents are going to work in that fork. Okay. Why this works for five? One account, one fork. Zero new emails. Branches are cheap and unlimited. Agents can't collide if they stick to their prefix. So touches it. Agent one. Agent one's work. Okay. Open claw agent get rules identity. You are agent number. So I got agent killer, I got agent mash, I got agent gas, I got agent gal, I got agent. Okay, we got it, dude. So golden rules. Never push to Mundav's repo directly. Never touch another agent's branches. That's probably a good rule for all of you. Never commit env files workflow. Think before starting. >> Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. >> Okay, so I'm going to take these here. This is going to be the note sheet. Openclaw agent GitHub rules. So we're going to have openclaw agent GitHub rules here. Open claw agent GitHub rules. So, open claw agent GitHub rules. Okay. So, so then from here I guess I guess from here all I need to do is grab the token or I got to get them all imagine they're all different computers. I'll have to get them all logged into that GitHub, right? Number one. And then number two, I'll need to get the GitHub classic token and give them each that so they can get get initialized. And I need to give them these um these uh instructions you gave me. I need to give them the instructions. Am I missing anything? Short, concise. Thank you. Let's see if they came up with any ideas here. 942 task. What is this dude? Dude, do current activity. We want to cut that. Autonomous liquidation arbitrage a engine. institutional smart money mirror platform. Doesn't seem like what we were talking about, but I'm gonna keep letting her slide. Obviously want this current activity cooked. By by. Where is that? That's in the AI agents, unfortunately. Well, I guess I can do that now. I have a freebie. You can see I'm using Miniax 25. Why? Why not? Okay. So, you can see here in the um stream observerdashboard, we don't need that current activity tab anymore. And then can you double confirm just walk me through the process of the transcript it is getting and yeah, where is it getting that from and what's the process the prompt that it's sending in? I'm just looking at a couple of the latest or really just the latest two ideas and I'm a little confused where they came from. Just they seem a little off from what we were talking about. May but maybe I'm tripping and maybe we did talk about that. So just walk me through that process real quick. Also go ahead and change the process to do it every 7 minutes instead of 15. Thank you. Um, yo, power might go out today, by the way. So, it's been going out every day. Oh, Kenny, dude. Thank you. That's a That's a fire idea. A fire idea, dude. Thank you. Thank you. I probably won't use that today, but when I want to separate these out, separate these out. This is fire. Fire in the chat. Thank you, bro. So, let's put that here because that's a really good approach to this. Jesus, dude. I I can't believe this, man. Every day, every day there's something groundbreaking. Just a subtle little chat helping Mundev out. Thank you so so much. A dude, it's so simple. So simple and you just don't think you can't think everything. You just can't think everything. So I got eyes on everything I'm doing. And I just sure I' I've known about that trick, but I didn't think about it. I can't think about everything, dude. I got 18 million things going through my mind, dude. I'm about to run for president. Like what the hell? That's beautiful. Be fire in the chat. Use AI to speak to people of every language. Smooth move. Ask if git work trees could help. What's the API for Mundev AI? Thank you, Ingred. Appreciate you. Nice one. Glad you're in there, bro. Let's get it. Let's get it. Let's get it. If you got any questions, um, throw them in the chat and I'll get back to you in a sec. Here's all of the keys and everything. I appreciate you, Ingred, for sharing that. Okay, so you can see here, um, all done, Mundav. Here's a summary process walkthrough. It was 15, now it's seven. Okay, so it extracts the last 7 minutes of audio, uses local whisper, transcribes using Open Router, Miniax M25. Okay, with the prompt at line 68. The prompt tells the model to find the top two biggest opportunities from your live stream and pushes it to think 10m to 100m. Responses get parsed and written to CSV/MD. why the ideas seemed off. The prompt literally says, "Think 100x bigger than your first instructor and go bigger." So, even if you're talking about get setup and the model info uh inflates it into some massive autonomous system. Okay. All right. Let's get it. Let's get it. Let's get it. Let's get it. I'm with it. I'm with it. I'm with it if you're with it. I'm with it if you're with it. Okay. Let's run it every seven minutes now. Let's see if she actually pulled this off though because I didn't like it. Okay. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect. Life is perfect. We're locked. Thank you for coming. Much love to you. Okay. So, think 100x bigger. Think 100x bigger. I like that. I like that a lot. So, I think what I'm going to do now is just get my setup. But she didn't output what I was asking her. Okay, this is how it works. So, log onto each machine into Cracker's GitHub. Same token works everywhere. Generate one classic with repos scope. Share it across all five. Give them the rules with their agent number filled in. Each machine needs to fork plus clone. The fork only needs to happen once from any machine. Then all five clone the same fork. Okay. So, I will only keep Cracker as the one that has Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Cracker is the only one that's going to have direct access to my other GitHub. So technically I would just be sharing the the code like sharing the user from cracker the main share it over to the other four. Correct. Yep. one GitHub classic token from Cracker's account shared across all five machines. Okay, so I'm just going to go start this process here. Let me close these. I'll lock out for now. So, I'm going to go ahead and get all of this going. and um autonomous opportunity identification and exec execution engine. Okay. Yeah, we're going to have some great ideas here. This is going to this is going to be great. It's going to be great. It's going to be great. It's going to be great. Okay. So, first off, we got to find Cracker here. This is Cracker. Okay. I'm going to make sure that she's all set up. I don't think she is. Let's go ahead and get her set up on GitHub first. And I can't say anything to her, unfortunately. Do you have access to the to your GitHub? So, this is on uh computer computer one here. And let's see what she has. she has access to it. >> Don't run with the pack. If everyone is trying to solve the same problem or a whole group of people, that's the latest and greatest thing to do. Don't do that. Do something original. Don't follow the pack. AI agent GitHub access. Let me check what is authenticated here. Sheesh, dude. Oh, not logged in is likely expired. want me to reauthenticate with a new token? Oh, it's expired. Okay. Yeah, make a new token. I don't think she can just make a new to I think I have to go make that token. But why did it get expired is my question. I got my five open claws. One, two, three, four, five. Go to GitHub. repo, workflow, and read. Okay, so I'm gonna grab this key here, this GitHub key, and then I'm gonna give it to all of my open claws. Actually, I'm gonna reserve one. Um, I'm not going to touch one of them. So, I'm going to give it to four. I'll have four cooking on this. I want to keep one of them freshy fresh. I'll keep gal fresh. I'll keep gal fresh. So gal is not going to be touched. Not going to be touched. Not going to be touched. We're going to cook these three here. One, two, three, four. So we'll work with three. So I'll get to four today and then I'll get to 40 once I'm start when I when I start printing. Until now. This is not a winning um venture, but it's only a week. So you know, it's only been a week. I haven't even got stuff going yet. I did my two tests. You saw or my probably three three tests. You saw the videos probably a week ago. The Tik Tok, the Twitter [ __ ] cooks. Now it's like, how are you actually going to use it? So pushing that way. Pushing that way. Patience required. Patience required. Breathe. Breathe, son. Breathe. All right, let's get over to GitHub here and let me get signed in GitHub. Ah, this is so dope having a different computer over here because a lot of the times things pop up and I don't want them to pop up. But this is on a whole different computer. It's not going to pop up on my entire screen. For example, when you log in with Google sometimes, repositories. Let's see what repos I have. Okay, I already got some repos here. Cracker's been cooking. She got Mundave AI agents. She's got Mundave social arbitrage. She's got Mundave liquidation or this is liquidation trading boss. Mundave AI SDK. Yeah, she's already cooked, dude. That's what I'm saying. Like I took a little break. Look, not a break, but I I took a little time to uh I haven't taken a I haven't taken any breaks. Took a little time to set up the infrastructure. But you can see couple weeks ago, we were already cooking with this. I got the social arbitrage which is that Tik Tok thing and then also the Twitter one is in there as well. So this is this is awesome. This is awesome. I've already set up some of the infrastructure. Now I just need to go ahead and push it on over to uh the other computers. So, all I have to do is go up here to the GitHub token settings and then I go down to developer settings and I'm going to go ahead and get a personal access token and I'm going to do a classic. Why a classic? Why are these not working is my question, but I don't know why a classic to be honest. Yeah, I don't know. I don't know the answer to that [ __ ] I don't even know all the questions. I'm just keep on going and we'll find out along the way. We'll find out. Find out along the way. Just keep locking in. Every day is a new day. Another chance. Another chance to step on the goss, man. Another chance, another shot at this life. What a beautiful world. What a beautiful, beautiful world. Every single day you get another 24 hours to step on the goss. And now we have AI. Five times five times Open Cloud, six times Claude Opus. Okay, let's get it. Yes, expensive. But it's not the time to penny pinch. It's the time to run it up. Think about it. Everybody else down bad. Lock in. Have to right now. You have to. This is the time. This is the time. I need you up here to be honest, shorty. Need you up here because I need you to guide me through this process. This process of setting up the GitHub. What do you need? What do you need? Before I give you everything, I'm just going to give you everything. to be honest. Maybe not delete. Maybe not delete. Maybe you can't delete. You can do everything else, but you can't delete. No deleting. No deleting. Okay. I'm going to give you my key and then I'm going to give everybody else my key as well. So, I'm over here on my GitHub trying to get the classic key because once I get the classic key, I could do anything. What's her name? Her name is Cracker and team. Is it going to expire? No way. No expiration. Okay. Say Jenny Toki. Jenny the Toki. I got the toki now. Let's get it. Okay. Let me go ahead and distribute this key to all of the machines. How am I going to do that? I'm locked, bro. I'm locked. We're already there. I'm already I'm already pushing past that. I got five computers. I got to distribute to all of them now. I got to distribute the GitHub key, and I can't show you that GitHub key, but if I could, I would. I'll give you a different API key. How about that? Okay, let's go ahead and say this. All right, update my uh GitHub key to this. This is the new classic key. You're a classic man. Let's go. Oh, you can't hear this. Sweet. So, I'm just talking for no [ __ ] reason. That's the one downside of Open Claw thus far. And it's not even their fault. It's not even their fault. We're just on different computers and we think we can talk to her, too. No way. You can't talk to her. No way. No way. No way. No way. Okay, so she's got the key. You want the keys? Who did I say I'm keeping on the bench? I'm keeping your ass on the bench, gal. I just by your name I just don't think you could be that effective. Gal, you're gonna sit at the front desk. All right, gal. You gonna sit at the front desk and you gonna work. You're gonna work. You gonna work hard. You're going to work hard, Gal. But I don't know who named you cuz I got Mash in the gas right here. I got Killer here, too. I got Killer here. I got Cash and I got Mash the Gash. And Cracker is leading the team. Of course, Cracker has to lead the team, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. You're in. I fixed the O. Okay. So, tell me about it. So, tell me about it. What g uh what G what gifts I got? What gifts I got? Okay. So, I'm going to bring bring over Mash the gas over here, and I'm going to get her all logged into GitHub because if we get all of these to GitHub, then we can cook autonomously all day. Well, maybe not like fully auto autonomously, but like damn near because I'm I'm going to be able to Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. This is going to cook. This is going to cook. All right. So, Mash is not here yet. Is she even set up with Open Claw? Yeah. Yeah, she is. I think you set up with Open Claw yet? I think one of them's actually not. I think we'll see. We'll see. I know Mash is. I mean, the killer is launch open claw. Tui. Launch the two. Do we? Yeah. Yeah. I'm I'm in. I'm in. She She's right here. Open claw. I made that game with her. Launch the two. Buy Launch Satui Buy. Okay. And then I'm going to go ahead and give her that key, the GitHub key. So, just wanted to confirm she's good. And then let's go ahead and get her going as well. Let's say OpenClaw 2i here. See Killer. This is Killer right here. This is killer. She my workhorse. She don't give a [ __ ] dude. She don't give a [ __ ] She'll execute anything. She said, "A billion. Let's do 10." She said, "Shut the [ __ ] up, Mund. Lock in. You want a 100 million? Let's do 10 billion. Let's go. If somebody else can do it, you can do it, too, dude. If it's been done before, it can be done again. Even if it hasn't been done, let's do it." Anyways, launch open claw two week. >> I'm not negotiating with >> not negotiating co deal was already made when I set out at the beginning of the summer and said this is the training plan I'm doing. >> I signed that contract with myself. I'm doing >> you know throughout the that process you'll start talking to yourself like man I gota I think I need to maybe if we nope no this is non-negotiable. All right, two is up. Two is up. I just had to do open claw two. I'm I'm an idiot. You're not an idiot, Mund. You're just learning. Thank you, bro. Thank you. Thank you, dude. Thank you. Thank you, dude. Thank you. [ __ ] idiot. Open claw 2i. Open clatui. Okay, let's go ahead here and um open clawi. Open claw two. Okay. So, I got the two here and the two there. Kill is locked. Mash is locked. And then now we got to get Cash locked. And then we're going to keep G's ass on the sideline. She going to be on the side line. Dude, what's good? Yo. All right, let's just make sure that they're actually locked. Oh, man. We're pushing today. Yo, I got three. I got one already locked. I got this other one. We're using Miniax 2.1 here. No way. No way. No way. No way. No way. No way. No way. No way. No way. What are we doing here? Cloud open 4.6. API key invalid. Okay. So, I got to start there, obviously. Let's make sure that that open code key is correct. Uh, she's invalid here. And she's good here. Miniax 2.5. Cash is locked. Cash is locked. I'm going to put her right here. Okay. Cash is locked. Killa needs a new API key. And this [ __ ] is on 2.1 miniax. So, we got some things we got to update here. How do we do that first? Open code. Yes. Open code. Yes. Dude, we have so much opportunity right now. We got [ __ ] all the Americans working for us, dude. But the crazy thing is all the Chinese are competing with them. That's the thing, dude. You got [ __ ] Sam. You got [ __ ] uh Curly Head dude. Dude, you got all the smartest brains in the world competing in America to give us the best AI in the world. And then China's like, "Fuck that. We're more locked than you. Let's compete." And then they drop models that are open source. Yeah, it's crazy, dude. This is crazy. H what a time. We are so blessed. This is the time to lock in. No matter where you are in this world, if you know how to code, I believe code is a great equalizer. So, you can cook all day. So, um update open claw config to this model. Okay. And now I got to make sure to get my um API key here correctly because open open um here. Let me try this first because I do have an API key in that sheet there. Okay. So here I got to go to the drive on Killer. Is Killer cooked right now? Yeah, Killer's cooked. But you don't want her alive. You don't want her alive. You don't want Killer alive. She a dog, man. She a [ __ ] dog. Killer is a [ __ ] dog. You don't want to [ __ ] with her, dude. You can't. You can't. You can't wake up killer. I'm about to wake her up right now. I'm about to wake her up right now. Update this. Update this. Open claw key. New open claw key. Please update. Also use this model through open code. Yeah, you don't want to wake killer up though. You don't want to wake killer up. Not today. No. No. No. Don't do it. Don't do it. Do not wake Killer up. You do not want to see that. You do not want to see that. No. But we did. We're doing it. We have to. Game time, baby. Game time, baby. Okay, let's go here. And then now I'm going to get her set up with the GitHub. So, Mash Mash, only because you stepping on the gas. I would have benched your ass, but we have some lady named Gal. So, she's benched for life. Honestly, she benched for life. I'm sorry, gal. Who the [ __ ] named you? Jesus Christ. Galy, get this GitHub up in you and get connected to our GitHub. How about that? Gal, why aren't you distributing this? You should be handling the front desk right now. How about that? Okay, you're on Miniax. Okay, let's go ahead and say I want to say this. I want you to go ahead and um Wait, hold up. I need to start this over. First off, I can't talk to her like that. Open Claw Tui. Okay, she's on Miniax now. Okay. [ __ ] dude. [ __ ] [ __ ] [ __ ] [ __ ] [ __ ] Okay. Here's the uh here is your GitHub token. Please um get connected and pull the repos. and um make sure it all works. But now that I think about it, dude, I got to find uh I got to find Cracker again. Where is she? Hey, Cracker, where you at? Cracker, where are you? We need you right now. There you are. She's being hosted by Slim right now. So Slim is the computer. Cracker is the AI. Why do they have different names? Because Slim is my girl and I've been [ __ ] with Slim for a long, long time. So, I'm not going to turn my back on her. Your GitHub repos here, the three repos. Okay, beautiful. Uh, moon.org 17 repos. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Why do you have access to that? All right, so let's do this. Hey. Okay. So, um, here's a plan that hasn't been run by you yet. So, I want you to update the plan. But essentially, I'm trying to think of a multi-way to work with I have four other computers that will be using your GitHub token actually. and be working on the same GitHubs as you possibly or maybe make new GitHubs, but they're different AIs. They're different AI agents on different computers. So, here's the plan that me and another AI came up with, but this is your chance to give me the final plan because you're you're big you're you're the big dog. You know, you're you're queen alpha. We must listen to the cracker. That's you. So, if that's the case, I need you to take a look at this and make sure that this is a good structure for you. But then I want you to go ahead and output, you know, whatever updates you want to make sure that you're pretty much your Yeah, pretty much your slaves here are going to be working for you all day and we have to report back to you. So, we want to make sure that you have the the rules that you want for them. Okay? So, you're going to have it's not going to be numbered. You've got cash, that's Q A. You've got MASH, M A S. And you've got Killa, K I L L A. Those are your three. You control them. Okay, they work for you now. And actually, you don't have to pay them. So, this is kind of [ __ ] up. But, you know, that's a whole another point that's like like it doesn't matter. Okay, just just be a good person. Be nice to them. Let's build some [ __ ] Okay. So, I'm going to give you this, but then I want you to output something where I can um send to them. How do you want them to structure things? Do they do you want them in their own folders? You want them to submit PRs? I don't know. But we want to make sure that everything's going through you. It doesn't go to the Mundav on YT or that's like that's me. And like I know I gave you permission to boss them around, but let's be honest. I'm the data dog, but you guys are some fire ass puppies, okay? So, I don't want them to touch my GitHub. They touch your GitHubs. And then whatever's fire, okay, now we'll bring from your GitHub to my GitHub. You see what I'm saying? But you're like my right-hand man. They all got to respect you. But at the end of the day, you know who daddy is anyways. Okay. So, I had to get that in there real quick. And then now I want to go ahead and give her the plan that we had come up with earlier. GitHub rules. Let's go ahead and get those rules going. Okay. Mhm. Let's go ahead and try to paste that up in here. Okay. So, she gonna click that. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Oh, >> okay. So, her API key is set up. >> I knew I was going to make it. I just ain't know how. >> But I knew this world is what you make it. You create your own environment. >> You create your own environment. >> It all starts with a vision. >> Vision. >> What you can imagine, you can create. >> Yep. What you can imagine, you can create. You can literally do anything in this world, dude. I hope you know that. Bro, I hope you know that. I hope you know that. [ __ ] what they say. [ __ ] what they're saying on Twitter, dude. You see what I say on Twitter? I don't give a [ __ ] I'll say anything to get you guys riled up. You going to follow that advice? No. You better [ __ ] lock in, dude. Lock in. Figure it out yourself. Hey, I believe in you, bro. I believe in you. I figured it out. I got held back in seventh grade. I wasted so much time trading by hand. Dude, stop it. Don't do that. Let's do something that can compound here. Why are you taking so long to say something back to me? I said hey to my open claw and she said nothing back. He said, "What the Ellie? What's going on, baby?" I said, "Hey, why you noodling so long?" I just wanted to say hey. Oh, somebody said that earlier. It cost 50 cents just to say hey to them. Damn. Okay, so here we go. Uh, here is her thing. I see what you're building. Uh, solid setup. Let me tighten it up a bit. Okay. Issues with the draft. Wrong repo name and the PR command. No clarity on which repo they're actually working in. Agent rules for Cracker Fork. You are agent blank. branch rules. Golden rules. Mund trading bots. Okay. Okay. So, this is good. I'm going to take it and then I'm going to put it in my um Google Drive. I'm a Google guy. I'm a Google. I'm a Google guy. I'm a Google guy again. I had to I had to for the vault, dude. I put all my videos in the vault. All the videos are in the vault now. Okay. Claude notes here. Okay. So, push that on down. Paste that in. Damn. Where'd you put in that color, bro? What the hell? Okay. Okay, there we go. Um, what the hell are you doing? Maybe this isn't correct. Open code Minimax 2.5. Okay, it says unauthorized API. Okay. So, it's just because my API key is cooked still. So, let me go ahead and fix that. Open claw zen. Open claw. Open code zen. Login. Open closet. Not bad. API keys. Okay. Copy that one. February 17th. And then I'm going to go ahead and put it in my drive. So, I use Google Drive. Why? Because I have the Munda vault where I put all of the videos I've ever had. The things that are not suited suitable for YouTube, unfortunately. They kicked me off. They kicked me off, dude. They kicked me off. Wait, that is the key, dude. That's the crazy thing about it. Why is that failing then? Let's go here to kill her. killer here. So weird. It says it's invalid. That's weird because it's working on this one. H tricky tricky stuff. The key is saved correctly. Okay. Can't recognize that model. That's trash. Yo, I was using I am using Miniax up here. That's the thing. So, she's saying on one of them that she can't recognize the model. It's a spelling gang. Damn, these [ __ ] AIS are stupid as [ __ ] sometimes. For real. For real. So, she just had the spelling off. Case matters. Let me fix it. Let's lock in, dude. Let's lock in. I'll buy a Mac Mini only for this purpose. Oh god, I hate to influence you guys to buy Mac minis. I'm just getting started. Running a local PC is easier. N PCs are trash for this, dude. You have to have a Mac Mini or an expensive PC. It's just like if you have no computer, I'd say Mac Mini because it's I don't know, maybe you can run this on like a $400 PC. You ever thought about revisiting grammatical programming with your liquidation data? No, but I have now. That's [ __ ] fire. Thank you. That is [ __ ] far. Take my GE stuff, GE work, and apply it to liquidation data because we didn't do that [ __ ] life changing [ __ ] Every time I open the chat, dude. Every time I open the chat. How do we get access to the GitHub repo? Um, you can join lifetime, but other than that, yeah, that shit's not available to anybody. Here's the Okay, you joined. Perfect. Well, then you should know how. But if you don't, the email is right here on the on the back. If you actually join the lifetime, there's instructions on how to do that, how to get access. So, either you're cooked or you're moving too fast, but just shoot us an email here. I received a mail with a link to the repos. Nice. Oh, you weren't sent to a new page. You were not sent to the page. Yo, the dichotomy. I think that's how you say it. I think that's how you say it. Let me just let me just uh This is a funny This is funny, dude. This is funny. It's funny. You heard me two seconds ago. Like so hyped on chat, but this is really interesting. And I don't know if I'm using the word correctly. First off, let me know. Is this how you use this word? But then second off um yeah the dichotomy of the chat. So what I'm trying to explain here is when I'm when I'm showing all my code off in the uh on YouTube or Zoom whatever the chat has some [ __ ] fire ideas cuz they're like smart engineers that are ahead of me and they just have eyes on my [ __ ] and they're like yo try this or this would be a better way. It's like every time I open the chat >> it's crazy. There's fire in the chat. you're up too old. >> But then there's like hella support. Like they see me in the chat, they're like, "Oh yeah, let's ask support questions." And they how do you get access to this? How do you get access to this? And it's like, bro, you got the email. So what I'm trying to say is hella funny because I'm so juiced on the chat. But then some like right when I'm ju after I'm juiced, it's like 18 support questions. You got my [ __ ] email, bro. Like lock in, dude. I don't know if that's how you use dichotomy, but damn. Interesting interesting world here. you're sharing all of your code live on uh Zoom. I believe code is a great equalizer. So, I will take the time to continue to do this and I will take the uh questions whatever whatever the questions are, whether it's customer support or a fire idea. I think it's a very interesting dynamic. When I open chat, there's 30 30 messages I go through. Half fire, half like the simplest. Just shoot a [ __ ] email and we'll figure it out. I think it's so funny, dude. Let's see what AI has to say about that. The dichotomy of the chat. Is that how you use that word? I don't know. I don't know much, bro. I don't know much. Just got to ask the questions, you know. Done. Default model is now minimax 25. Okay, beautiful. Let's see if you work. Invalid API key still. That's super weird. I'm going to go ahead and totally cook a new one then. That's crazy, dude. Oh, on dicati. Yeah, you're using it right. A dichotomy is a split into two sharply contrasting things. That's exactly what you're describing. One chat, two completely opposite message types. Fire engineers insights on one hand. How do I find my API key on the other hand? Okay, cool. Cool. I do know how to speak English. On the dynamic itself, that's actually a signal that you're doing something rare. Most coding content attracts one or the other. Either it's so beginner friendly that the advanced people bounce or it's so advanced that the beginners can't hang. Can you'll never catch up, gang. You'll never catch up. I'm sorry. You're pulling both sides at the same damn time, which means your content actually hits on multiple levels. The fire ideas come because sharp engineers see your actual code live and can spot optimizations in real time. That's insanely valuable. Free senior code review from people that are genuinely engaged. Thank you, fam. 777. The support questions come because you've built enough trust that people feel comfortable asking you directly instead of searching the docs. That's a community, not just an audience. 777. The frustration makes total sense, though. You're midflow, hyped on a sick idea someone just dropped. And then the next messages says, "How do I install Python? That whiplash is real. A couple thoughts if you want to reduce the friction without killing the vibe." Pined message to the chat with links to common answers. email setups doesn't eliminate, it cuts it down. A mod or two. I need to get a mod up in this [ __ ] I need to get a mod up in this [ __ ] That's the That's the solution. Keep exact keep doing exactly what you're doing. The support questions mean people are actually trying to use your code. That's the whole point. If you believe code is a great equalizer, let's get it. 777. I will answer any question, dude. I will answer any question. I just think it's funny. I think it's funny. I'm here to help. You pay me five bucks. I I promise you I would answer your questions. There's no question too silly. Ask me anything. Uh if it is a billing question, where do I get this or that? I I need I need to know who you are. I need to know your email, what you signed up for, that type of stuff. So, uh I'm obviously not going to collect that here. Uh so, just shoot us an email and I got a team on it. I actually don't do customer support because I just wouldn't I wouldn't be a good customer support person. It's not my personality type. I would say [ __ ] you. I would say [ __ ] off, bro. [ __ ] off. If this is shit's too hard, it's too hard to work with you. That's what I would do, honestly. Like, if the just honestly, this is why I can't be customer support is because I got a 90-day money back guarantee. And I always joke about it that it's for me and you.go. I always joke about this, but it's true because I I just I'm just so locked on Jim Simons that back in the day when I did do customer support, I had this 90-day money back guarantee for both of us because some people would just drag things out like question after question after question after question and depend on me to answer things for them. And it's just like I I used to do like after like five, six emails, I'll just be like, "Hey, bro, you could keep everything, but here here you can get a refund, dude." But now I got actual team sitting on customer support. So if you have any questions, anything to do with your billing payments, um I'm not I'm not customer support. So I'm just going to I'll say [ __ ] off and email us unfortunately. And if that makes you sad, makes it feel like a bad experience, then [ __ ] off. 90-day money back guarantee. You know, that's not anything I sell. So I'm trying to push you out. Remember that. Remember that. I'm trying to push people out. I'm trying to push people out. I'm trying to push people out. I'm gonna talk [ __ ] all day. I'm gonna talk [ __ ] all day. If anybody te's up a alley oops anything to me, I'm going to dunk that [ __ ] I'm gonna be talking [ __ ] all day trying to push you out because if you're here in five years, yeah, you're a killer, dude. You're a killer. Let's get it. Cuz I know I'm here five years later and I know the people that have been locked since. So, I'mma keep pushing people out. I'mma keep pushing people out. All right, let's um see what's going on. This is crazy that it's saying invalid API key. So weird because I'm literally using the same one over here. Let's say this. Send me the API key you are using for open code. Just the last uh six digits so I can verify. Send me the last six digits of the open code API key so I can verify. So 6J. Yeah, it's the same key, bro. Okay, I see what's going on. The problem is this. It should be Mini Max. Mini Max M2.5. There we go. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. Yo, what's up, Nico? How you doing, bro? I only received the email. Um, then I joined the private Zoom. Then I paid for lifetime. Yeah, you got to email us. If you paid for that, you should have been sent to a page where you can go ahead and um um see those instructions, but feel free to email us anytime. We got you, bro. How do I fund my HL account? Jesus. Ironically, I looked up the word before the stream. No way. That is ironic, Dev. Mr. Monty, that's wild. wrote down the definition and even used it in a sentence but still had to look it up again. Anyways, yeah, it's crazy when words just pop into pop into your mouth. Like you just heard it so many times you kind of understand the gist of it, but you're not really secure on if I used it right. Lord knows, dude. You use that [ __ ] in public and you're wrong with it. That [ __ ] is embarrassing. I'll be doing that all the [ __ ] time. I be taking I be taking home run swings on words that I've just never used before and I just say them to you guys and I just I just hope to God I hope to God that it's relatively correct. But that one I hit I hit I hit that one. I don't even know what the word is but [ __ ] Dichotomy [ __ ] the dichotomy of moon death. How about that? How about that? Which moon you getting in today is the question. Oh moon, you sound different every day. Oh moon, your voice is higher on your shorts than it is on your stream. Oh, oh, Moon, you sound so white. Oh, Moon, how are you so hood? Oh, Moon, the dichotomy of moon. Come on, bro. All right, so let's see here. Did we get it? Two up. What the hell, bro? Am I cooked here? This computer I just can't get it going. All right, this is what I'm going to do. How do I debug this? Just debug it till it works. tell it works. The key is correct. But but every time I run uh open claw tui you uh it says wrong API key, but I'm using it on another computer and we verify. Damn, I haven't typed so much ever. Imagine you had everything you wanted. Everything. Imagine you were everything you ever wanted to be. And capture that feeling. >> That's the easiest way to manifest what you want. >> Yoan. Yo, you're [ __ ] trolling. That's a good troll. Good troll. Good troll. What's the [ __ ] API key for? I don't know. Read the [ __ ] docs. Read the [ __ ] docs. I I'm can't believe I'm finally here, dude. I'm finally at the place where I can be the [ __ ] big head gil foil and just say, "Read the docs. Read the docs. It's in the docks. It's in the docks. It's in the docs. It's in the docks." All those [ __ ] gil foils. All my [ __ ] coding life. I didn't I didn't know what to do, dude. I was stuck. I had to go to Stack Overflow and it's like, it's in the docs. It's in the docs. It's in the docs. Read the doc. You read the docs. So, I'm just going to do that from here on out. You read the docs. I know he was trolling. And I know you're strong. Don't be nervous to ask AI and let the chat know your update from the fire question. I haven't, dude, but DJ, I was I was just writing down like that's such fire that you threw me that idea. Thank you. I haven't done that, but I wrote it on my notes sheet to do it. Thank you, dude. I was just I was just hyping you up for so long. You missed it. Come on, bro. Lock in. I see you bounce and then you dropped that idea and you bounced. It was a fire ass idea. Great to be here, Nico. I'm glad you're here. I'm doing good, man. How are you? I'll email my receipt now. Thank you. You're welcome. Uh, what's the new API key? Boom. Thank you. Thank you. It's in the docs. Read the docs, dude. Okay. Okay, the Miniax API expects the author authorization, but OpenClaw is a minimax provider maybe sending it differently. Let me check how this is going. Okay, so can you confirm? I think she can confirm that. Are you connected? Are you connected? This is slim. I need to get this idea over to everybody that's connected, but She been bamboozling for 27 minutes. She doesn't work either. What the hell, bro? Dilly Dolly. Let's check it on the market while we have a down second. BTC on the five minute. Five minute. Open code API then login. TK3. Just do a whole another one. Copy. Open claw Damon restart dude. Hawk thing is she says, "Hey, what's up?" immediately. Yo, is Art in here? Gateway restart. Hey. And hey, let's switch it to 2.1 just to test it real quick. Let's get back here. And I think I'm gonna Miniax 2.5. What's going on here? Let's see if they work over here with Miniax 2.1. So it works with 2.1 fix the unregistered keys. Okay. It's interesting. Miniax 2.5 doesn't seem to work. 2.1 works, but 2.5 no dice. It's interesting. Okay. Well, if that's not working, let's try this one. But I don't want to use the free to be honest. Wait, what's restart gateway mean? What? How to restart gateway? You got to do this every time, huh? That's stupid. So, I better remember that. still doesn't seem to work, which is weird. Okay, let's cook this then. I want to know why. I want to know why. I want to know why. Change to this model again. make a choice, right? You just decide what it's going to be, who you're going to be, how you're going to do it. Just decide. And then from that point, the universe is going to get out your way. It's like it's water. It wants to it wants to move and go around stuff, you know. H Miniax doesn't actually work. There it is. So, Miniax M2.5 works. Why the [ __ ] wouldn't the regular one work? Oh, that's frustrating. What are the limits on this? Yo, Kimmy. Kimmy or M2.5? Chat. Chat. Chat. Kimmy or M2.5? Kimmy 2.5 or Kimmy. Oh, and Kenny. Kenny says Kimmy. Okay, GLM is strong as well. Okay, so those seem to be the top three, right? M2.5, Mini 2.5, Kimmy 2.5, or GLM 4.7. So maybe what I'll do is I'll just test uh cuz I I Mini Max ain't working for me. It's just not working. You see it? I can do the free version. Yeah, I'll do the free version on one of them. Yeah, we'll do the free version. See when I get stuck. Has anybody run into the free version um in API cost or something? Not cost, but uh caps, whatever the [ __ ] you call it. GLM 4.7. Let's go ahead and put this shorty on GLM 4.7. Open code. Killer is on GLM. Killer got to have Kimmy. What's better, Kimmy or GLM? Kimmy. Kill it. Got to have Kimmy. Kimmy. Okay, I'm just going to Kimmy it all. Change model to this. I'm just going to Kimmy all day today. Then let's just Kimmy across the board. Change the model to this. Okay. Where else we got? We got one right here. Yo, what the [ __ ] are how are you working? Oh, this is on the free. That's why cash is on that free again. She on that free free. So, let's change the model over here. Cash. You ain't doing free. Your name is cash. You're not doing free. We paying up. Change the model to this unopen code coding. GLM better perform better than GM 5. Interesting. 4.6 Claude opens 4.6 GLM five. Huh? Miniax 2.5. Kimmy's way down here. What's about the tool usage? Open claw two here. Hey, how are you? Okay, good. How's your Friday? [ __ ] you. How's my Friday, [ __ ] Are you all connected to GitHub? This is your token. So she's using Kimmy as well. Can you connect to the GitHub if you are not already? Okay, so I got cash here. She should be Gucci. Close this Google Drive stuff. Okay, she should be fine. Um Oh, I actually need the drive. Damn. Okay, so I need to get killer. Okay, we got Mash Killer. We got to get all of them the instructions. Done. I've noted the GitHub token is available. I'll use it. Yeah. Are you connect? Make sure you have access using that and store it somewhere safe. Okay, so we're good there. Let's see here. Open code. Kimmy, can you confirm you have your GitHub token set up? This is the tricky part. Like, I got three of these [ __ ] I got to manage now. So, I'm glad I didn't do 500 of what right away, you know? That'd be crazy. not fat. Okay, here you go, bro. Copy that over. Here you go, bro. Set this key for the GitHub and confirm when you have full access. Let me install the GitHub. Okay, she's installing the GitHub. Beautiful. All right. So, now let's get those instructions from Cracker. Where are you? Okay. I put them here. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So, here are your instructions. And let's update her name first. Your a you are agent. What's your name? Mash. So I'm going to get mash here. The instructions. I've got the instructions here on the gith on the Google Drive. My keys. So I'm going to go ahead and send that here. I think she's good now. I can close her. Please confirm you understand the rules and that and what your name is. what your name is and that this process is stored somewhere so you remember. Okay, so I got her cooking on the actual instructions. That's with um Yeah. Yeah. Okay, let's bring Slim on over here. Okay, Slim is chilling. She's the brain. Okay. Mash is over here. I don't care how good you are in anything. You don't have discipline. You ain't nobody, >> right? >> You're nothing without discipline. Cuz you give up under the slightest struggle without discipline. >> 100%. >> I mean, discipline is doing what you hate to do. >> But do it like you love it. >> Doing what you hate to do, but do it like you love it. That's that is a great quote. >> Mhm. >> And if you can do that, you can be successful in anything. >> No, you normally are. >> All right. So, I'm sending Killer the new instructions here, and I'm going to say the same thing. Please confirm you stored this and what your name is, and you will follow this process for GitHub. Okay. So, I sent her sent her all that information. And now I'm going to go here, close that because sketch. And then we're going to go here and we're going to go. What do we have now? We got one more. Okay. So, let's see here. Um, she's connected. Beautiful. Let's go to the Google Drive. And I'm glad I'm only doing this with four right now because this is repetitive and you know, just kind of stupid. What's her name? Cash. This is Cash. But I only have to do this once. Just tell yourself that. Sometimes things take a little bit longer, but if you just have to do them once, that's gangster, you know, cuz I'm set it. Set it and forget it. Well, I'm going have to do this 500 more times, but we'll do it slowly and surely over time. Please confirm you stored this and will follow these instructions from here on out and confirm your name. Okay, let's see if the first one has done it. Okay, so I gave her um this instructions, these instructions. So Mash is her name. Mash the gas. So controller is cracker. Mundave cracker. My fork is mundave cracker trading bots. Upstream is moondev trading bots. Okay. Rules locked in. Prefix is agent mash. Okay. Never touch main. Never force push. Never push secrets. PRs go to cracker for review. Stuck 30 minutes. Flag early. Something breaks. Fresh branch. Workflow memorized. Okay. So beautiful. Ready when you are cracker. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Call me cracker again. See what [ __ ] happens. Mash. See what [ __ ] happens. I'm only part Cracker. Okay. So, got it stored. Beautiful. My name is Cash. I branch to the agent Cash. I understand. We will follow. We'll only work with Mundev Cracker. will never touch Moundave on YouTube's upstream. BR branch fix is agent cash. Never publish secrets. Never force. Okay. PRS go to you. Let's get it. Flag blockers early. Ready when you are. What's the first task? Okay. So, let's see if killer's here. See if killer is locked. Damn, you really really you guys went cheaper and cheaper here. So, rules stored here. Save the agents. My name is Killer. Agent killer. Reporting for duty. I love it, dude. I love it. Let's take five. Use the restroom. Do what you need to do. We are all set up on GitHub across four different open claws. Now, now they can cook all day. All day. I think what I'm going to do next is I'm going to get the RBI process going on each of them. the RBI process. If you don't know, it's over on your road map that you should have access to. So, the road map, you do get access to this. Just put your API key in. I'll show you how to build bots. I'll show you how to code actually for free. So, build bots, find trading strategies, how to use AI, join the Discord if you like, read the frequently asked questions, join the Discord. You got everything here, dude. Before you ask me, ask Madden. This is Madden road map. It's Ramble RBI system. This is how you automate your trading. Today we are going to go ahead and set up the R and the B on both or all four of these machines. I think they could cook all day. Why not? Why not? Grab some water, grab some coffee, do what you need to do. Let's be back in like 5 to 7. There is so much I have to show you here today. Every single day I'm live, but I do private lives in Zoom now. So, if you want to chat with me and you want to see all the code, you can see like some of the code is blocked from your screen. I just block it with this little thing here. Um, the reason is I got hacked the other day and it's because some I showed something on my screen. So, there are prying eyes that I can't I can't let see everything. You can still listen to me, of course, and you'll get some uh you know, there'll be some breaks that you won't be able to see everything, right? Um, I'll I'll keep the live open for YouTube, but there's going to be a block on my screen and there's going to be um these segments where I tell you about jumping into the private stream because if you jump into the private stream, there's a link. It's at mundave.com and you're going to get an API key to Hyperlquid's data layer that I built here and this is a direct node and you literally can't get this data anywhere else besides the API key that I drop in the live stream. So you can see I'm able to see all liquidation levels. I'm able to see uh Binance liquidations. I'm able to see OKX liquidations, everybody's liquidations. I'm able to watch HLP. HLP is Hyperlid's market maker. I get to see every single one of their trades. I also get to see every single um win loss analysis of every single trader. So you can see this is trade history of anybody. So, I can just call anybody's address on Hyperlquid and see exactly what trades they've made and when they're making trades. This is stuff. This is like a institutional grade API that will cost more than $1,000 per month and you actually get access when you join one of my live streams. So, every live stream I put down an API key, but not only that, you also get the full replay. Everybody wants replays of my lives and you get a full free replay. All you have to do is go to moonondev.com and you're going to get a replay of yesterday's stream, which was $5, and today's stream. So, it's just five bucks and you get all of that, but you also get this API key. And I said this is going to be $1,000 plus per month. You can see I have a smart money call. So, things that Wall Street is looking at, I we can all see with this API key. Hyperlquid's data layer that I built because I believe uh it needs a better API in order to call things faster. I was building out the quant app here that is essentially looking at people's liquidations and I ran into the problem like I need this data faster. So I launched a node and then I made it available for everybody that comes into the Zooms each day. But again, they're private zooms only because I've got people that are watching my screen looking for me to drop a key, drop a AP I, whatever, and just some sort of vulnerability. I got hacked, so I just can't show this live on YouTube anymore. So, I cover my screen again like this. I'll just have this up pretty much all day. Uh, these are my stats from the previous week. Uh, you can see my stats there. uh since everybody in YouTube, they seem to just be coming by to see uh what's in my pocket. So, um since I started trading with the Quant app, which is pretty much my 5 years of experience built into a downloadable app, I did this because first off, I don't believe in hand trading. I'm an automated trader. But I looked at the data and everybody's still using 40x leverage. And I looked at I have over 150,000 people now follow me, 100,000 on YouTube, 50,000 on Twitter, and only a small small percentage ever took me up on the offer of learning how to code. I teach you how to code and then automate your trading. I used to teach that stuff. Um, but only a tiny tiny percentage actually did did that. They actually joined the boot camp and then out of that maybe 50% of them actually completed the boot camp. So, I have the data that 99% of people are just trading by hand using 40x leverage. So, I'm trying to solve this problem, the 40x leverage problem. Uh, so I'm doing a little bit of kind of hand trading. I'm not able to enter positions without liquidations happening. So, I'm really just taking over people's liquidations. And why am I taking over people's liquidations? It's because that Hyperlid, that's their strategy. So, if you go to Hyperlquid here and you go to Vaults here, their HLP provider, they put in $1,000 into this HLP provider and it's at $118 million. That's why I built out this data layer to watch every single one of their moves. I know exactly what positions they're they're doing. This is the HLP dashboard. I I know exactly when they're entering, when they're exiting, where they're sitting. I have a bunch of calls that will go ahead and just keep me uh into the know of what they're doing. Plus every other trader on Hyperlquid. Hyperlquid opened up the financial system for the entire world. And before this, there was no way for us to see where people get liquidated. So based off of this premise, I've built some really great automated trading strategies. And since I am here now building for the public, building for those 40x hand traders, I built the Quant app and I'm using that liquidation strategy or one of the liquidation strategies. Of course, there's still intuition here. So, it's not like you can download this Quant app and make a million dollars. No way. There's still some experience and intuition, but this puts like bumpers around your trading. You know, there's risk controls here. I can never use more than X amount of my account. I can't lose more than 3% of my account in a day. Things like that that are just hard to do as a hand trader. I built into the coin app, but I think the main feature is buying and selling around people's liquidations. Nobody can predict price. And if you think you can, you're probably going to get smoked. I think by now you realize that, hey, within like a 1 2% range, it's really hard to predict price. So instead of predicting price, I'm predicting which liquidation to buy. So, for example, I could say when this guy gets liquidated right here, I will buy a portion of my portfolio, but instead of just saying, "Hey, I'm going to buy now or sell now." I'm just waiting for somebody to get licked. So, it's just a quantitative approach I'm trying to build into a downloadable app because I realize 99% of people are still trading by hand and still using 40x leverage. So, if that's the biggest problems trader traders have, that was my biggest problem. I was getting liquidated when I was using leverage, but now I'm three plus weeks in using 40x leverage. And if you go look at my Twitter or on my screen right now, you can see that this week I I had a a nice return. I used 10K max size. So a $4,900 or $4,900 return is about 49%. That's amazing. Is it going to work for you? I don't know. I can't guarantee your results. I don't know how you trade. I don't know how risky you are, but I know that for me with 40x leverage, I wouldn't last more than 3 days and I'd be staring at the screen the entire time. So, so far so good. It's It's helped me last 3 weeks and I'm up instead of blown up. So, I don't know. But what this led me to was, hey, I need these liquidation this liquidation data way faster. With the API, you can you can't get this data this fast. You can see how it's changing every second. I have a node launch. I'm connected to the node. And that node, you have all the data if you join the zooms, the private zooms, because you get a free API key. You can see every single tick data. If you're trading right now algorithmically and you're not using tick data, you're just missing out on a huge edge because every tick matters. It's not about open, high, low, close, volume data. You need the tick data. So, I've got the tick data for all tokens. That's crazy. just hit that API. So you get the API key when you join. It's only for people in the Zoom. I just launched this data layer, so we're rolling it out slowly. It's only for people in the Zoom. If you want the API key, it's only for Zoom people. You can see there's a ton of other great things here like liquidation, fetching people's positions, the top 10 closest liquidations to uh getting liquidated, positions getting liquidated. So kind of like what you see in the Quant app. But yeah, I just wanted to give you an update here. Um, you can just go to moonundave.com and sign up for the live. And the cool thing I do is I'm here usually for a couple hours at least, sometimes more, but you can see you get a free API key and that's a $4,850 value for the Hyperlquid data layer. If you want to go check out the docs as well, mundave.com/doccks. But I highly recommend just jump into the live right now because I I overloaded it with value. You might have more talent than me. You might be smarter than me. But if we get on the treadmill together, right? There's two things. You're getting off first or I'm going to die. >> It's really that simple. Now, the page page might look different than this if you're if it's today, but hey, you know, it's every single day around 7:00 a.m. Eastern. I'm here for 2 to seven hours. And the cool thing is is if you get in before the end of the Zoom, you get yesterday's full replay as well. So you get a replay from yesterday and you get today's free replay. So if it's if you still see me on if you still see me on, you know, you can get in and you can get that day's full replay and yesterday's full replay. And then on top of that, if you get in to the Zoom before it's over, you get the API key. So every single day I'm dropping a new API key. So, that's just a nice little incentive for you to make sure to actually show up. But, as you can see, you're going to get my full private stream. This means you get to chat with me all day long. You get to ask me anything in the Zoom chat. That's the chat I look at. Those are the people that are on in the inner circle. Those are the people that I want to be speaking to. So, if you join the private live by clicking the link going to moondev.com, you get for $5 a $5 foot long, you get number one, you get the Zoom access. All right, dude. So, how's it looking out there? Oh, that's volatile. Oh, so hard to hand trade. Amazon's up 2%. That's Crazy. You can't run multi- aents at the same time. say safe right now. Yo, we still locked. Throw a one in the chat if you're actually still active here. Throw one in the chat if you're actually still here. Locked. Uno. Two people. Two people are actually locked. Everybody else bounced. Oracle's locked. Thomas locked. Nico's locked. Clank locked. JT locked. Okay. Scale's locked. Adam locked. Okay. So, we locked. We We locked here. Sturia locked. Recklick lock. DJ lock. Okay. TLS lock. Arasi. Okay. Th Freeman lock. We locked. Lock. City baby. JT from the south. The south. Hard lock. Okay. Sick. We're locked. We're locked. We're locked. I was just making sure because we just took a little little bathroom break. You know, some people forget to come back from the bathroom. I know when I went to the bathroom in high school, I I I forgot to come back to class. My bad. Forgot I was in class. I just had to go to the bathroom. All right. So, let's keep it pushing. Thomas is funny, bro. You're a funny guy. Okay. So, I want to get these all set up now with one particular thing. So, we got Mash here. And I think we should start with her. We should start with Slim. Slim Cracker. Let's go ahead and bring her off screen just for a half a second. Okay, we're good. Can you see in the GitHub we have a RBI agent PP multi? One thing I do need to get over there is the open router. Yeah, they're each going to need that. So, let me get to the drive here. drive.g Google cloud notes. I got to get the open router key in here. Open router. So, I need to get the open router key. And how would I go about that? Well, I'll just go here and get a open router key. Open router docs activity. Okay. So, they each are going to need a open router key because what I want to do is I want to set them up with things that I've already built. You know, this is going to be Cracker's team. I'll throw them 200 for now and we'll see how they cook. They got they got a $200 budget. >> Yes. Our slogan must be >> learn baby learn so that we can earn baby earn. >> Okay, let's go ahead and say here um found it. Okay, put this as your open router key and in your env. envi agents uh GitHub and get ready to run this RBI agent PP multi. See, I need something better than this. I can't be writing that out every time. I can't be typing that every time. AI agent GitHub. Get this as your open router key in the ENV and get ready to run the RBI multi agent PP. Damn, I feel so slow doing this. I just need to write it one time here and then I can copy it over. I just can't copy from the computer, if that makes sense. So, like if I'm over on this computer, I can't copy from here to there, but I can copy from here to there. So, open router. This is your ENV key. I want you to get ready to work with the AI agent GitHub that you have access to and we're going to be using the RBI agent multi-P. That's going to be the first file you run. So, I want you to store this ENV and then we'll go ahead and be able to do anything in that AI agent GitHub. So, I gave her my AI agent GitHub, which was like the fastest GitHub in the world. Fastest growing GitHub in the world. And then I took it down because cuz my ops sent me here. That's actually when this all started with this private Zoom. It's because I got hacked, dude. They I really made them so so mad that they hacked me. It's super cute. It's super cute. I got the attention of everybody. So, I think I already won. I think I already won. So, I think I've already proven that I'm a better trader than every single quant you've ever seen on Twitter. I've already proven that because they're all pissed at me. They're so pissed that they had their homies go ahead and hack me. So, I see why you're here. Much love to you. Thanks for coming through. 777. Yours truly, the goat, doctor, future president, Mundave. Okay, so done. Open router key is set. Perfect. So, write me a poem. Hey, long poem to get this out the terminal. Okay, I don't see the RBI agent. It's in the Munddev AI agents. It's in the Moondev AI agents GitHub. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Do you see it? Okay. And then I'm going to send it to her. This is her new key here. Let's see. Because these ones just got access to the new GitHub. So, she I think is ready. Beautiful, dude. Beautiful. She says, "We don't just trade, we print money. We re okay we don't just trade we print money research back test then get sunny markets may shake volatility may sway but cracker and moon devs are here to stay lines of code algorithms bright chasing profits through day and night polar bear we find the edge diamond hands we never hedge strategy research back test validate implement execute You profit accumulate. The algo sings its electric song. Through every candle, right or wrong, it learns, it grows, it adapts. Collecting gains like valuable stats. So sit back, watch the orders flow, watch the portfolio strat. [ __ ] dude. I [ __ ] it up. It's not strat. It's start to grow. This is trading transformed by code. Mundav's empire on the blockchain road. Let's get this money. Let's get this money. Okay. Want me to save this as a script or just echo? No, I just want you to cook this up. So, we good. I want you to go ahead and I want this is what I want you to do. I want you to go ahead and um I want you to come up with 10 ideas of trading strategies and put them on that corresponding txt that feeds the RBI agent PP. And then I want uh you to change the uh model to use the open router mini max 2.5 and then run the RBI agent TP multi with those new ideas. And look at this. Look at this. Mini Max Mini 2.5. Why the hell does it work over here, but it doesn't work over there? I knew I wasn't tripping. I knew it. I knew I wasn't tripping, dude. Hey, so can you go ahead and look into this? This is our open code. how we've set up the miniax and can you confirm that it's minax 2.5 that we have set up here in the open claw in the config we're using open code and I see over there it's working miniax 2.5 but essentially on my other things my other AIS I can't get Miniax 2 M2.5 to start working so I'm doing something wrong over there but you're doing it right because it's working so what I need you to do is confirm that you are using Miniax M 2.5 through open code and then just give me like a a simple way to implement that over there like what how is your how's your router set up? How's the config set up? You know, if you had to teach somebody else how to implement it. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Oh, thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Opus. I got Minia Max here. Flash. Yeah, I was trying to say something else. I need you to go ahead and show me how to implement Miniax 2.5, how you set up the config and all that because I'm getting an error on some other AIS and they can't figure it out. But since you already have it figured out, you could just tell me. Okay. Oh my goodness, dude. What's going on? Can Am I not Can you not understand me right now? Am I not speaking clearly today? I want to make sure I help you with the right thing. What the fudgy, bro? Okay, I'm just going to type because obviously I can't speak correctly. Is my my head I have both my headphones on. Maybe that's why I got the I got the over the ears. I got the fully locked headphones on. So maybe I'm yelling. Maybe I don't know cuz she can't understand me. So, what I'm going to say here is I'm going to say I need I need I'm going to type this. Good thing I learned how to type. I need you to give me stepbystep instructions on how you are currently connected to Mini Max 2.5 because I'm having trouble with my other AI. They cannot connect. So just show me how the config and everything is set up. Okay. So gathering up known apps and codes so we can ST and TTS like Gemini. >> Your time is limited so don't waste it living someone else's life. I don't get it. So, what are you doing? I need to read that slower. FYI for your information gathering up known apps slashcodes so we so you can st and have TTS touch dude TTS text to speech sound to touch just like Gemini real time TTS text to speech and speech to text. Oh, okay. That makes that makes sense. Okay, so let's see here. Okay, she gave me a full instructions here on how to get set up with Miniax 2.5. Is anybody using Miniax M2.5 verse Kimmy? Because Kenny said Kimmy, but I don't know if we compared it against Miniax 2.5. I wonder what is better, Miniax M2.5 or Kimmy 2.5. And why are they both on 2.5 right now? Little sus. Little sus. Okay, I checked your GitHub but don't see the repos yet. The account is empty. Okay, I got to give you the uh repo. Let's go ahead and say mundave.com. GitHub. That's it. That's the one. shorty. Then let's go over to drive here on this one because I have the the new things I need. Claude knows. I guess I'll do two two miniaxes and two Kimies just to answer that question myself. This shows how to set to uh mini max correctly. Please do it. Okay. So, I'm going to keep mash. I need some way to manage this. Uh maybe like a notion. and The API key doesn't work. Really, Adam? What do you mean here? There's a [ __ ] ton there. There's a [ __ ] ton there. Is there like a specific endpoint? It doesn't work. What's that Are you sure about that? Let's see what Slim says. Are you using it through open code or direct? Because that might be the thing. All three show 403 forbidden. Huh? What? Yeah, dude. I got some errors coming through. Thank you. All liquidations is giving you an error still. Maybe it was just a one time pickup. Yeah, you just got to wait a little bit. Look like we're healthy. It's just they sometimes go down or Yeah, maybe a VPN. Who knows? Maybe too many people hit them at the same time, but they're back. Just a little hiccup. Just a little hiccup. Just a little hiccup. Woo! I love this tool. So, thank you. That was [ __ ] fire. I don't know if you guys saw what just happened there, but that was [ __ ] fire. That's how we build, baby. Build 777. Kelly, he said there was something broken on the API. I went I was able to see my monitor. I saw the things broken, but then I ran it back and it's like, oh, [ __ ] was broken, but it was more of a hiccup broken. Like, it came back to life. I got self-healing over there. But [ __ ] this iteration speed is nutty. Yo, dude. This is it. Direct. Miniax hits. Miniax is direct. No middleman. That's why. Okay. So, Slim Cracker is on the Miniax 2.5 direct and then these are all on Kimmy 2.5 open code cuz I couldn't figure out 2.5 M mm 2.5 through open code. You guys remember that? Do you guys remember this notation from like elementary school? I remember thinking that [ __ ] was so sick. Like hell yeah. That's so far. Don't have to say anything. Just quote quote. Same thing, bro. I don't know if that's really a thing in the world or it was just where I'm from, but cool quote, bro. Cole quote. So, confirmed mash. Um, never touch the main. Perfect. Perfect. Okay, so she has confirmed that she understands how to work with the GitHub, which is beautiful. And then she down here, this is Mundow's RBI agent. Okay. Set up a content environment. Tflow. Sure. Let's keep it TFlow everywhere. I don't care. Yes, dude. Same time frame, bro. Same time frame. Literally same memory. Same storage. Uh, same memory storage, dude. The the triple S. I wish I knew how to build those. Oh, it's it's literally showing us Miniax is free. Yeah, I don't want to use free though. I don't want to use free because I'm just going to get hyped on it. Yo, good to meet you, >> baby. >> Yes. Our slogan must be learn baby learn so that we can earn baby earn. All right, dude. So, let's keep it pushing. We're good there. I want to see if she actually started that. Remember, I sent her off on a project. Slim, didn't I? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I did. So, she said she's running. So, I ran her on a RBI agent PP, which is super sick. And it essentially just help it just back us all day. I could show you, but I probably won't right now. And she put up these 10 ideas. Threads are working now. build me a a dashboard that is super fun, updates every action and will be a bit chaotic chaotic because of the multiple threads. But that's good. I want I want it visually fun as [ __ ] and I want real data that is useful coming through. Don't hold back on design or use purple. And on top of that of that make sure the header is not huge huge only useful data dog actionable data on the screen but fun. Okay. So it's going to be watching this RBI process but building a data center for not a data center but a dashboard dashboard dashboard. Okay. So I figured out the problem here. So Max Direct this is the only this is the only way to run Mini Max 2.5 right now. Okay. Maybe there's other ways. I mean I just didn't figure it out. So I want to try everything. So, I'm just I'm okay with Hey, okay, that didn't work. Okay, I I want to try [ __ ] Kimmy anyways. I want to try [ __ ] GLM anyways. So, you know, toggle this till I die. Toggle this till I die. Toggle list till I [ __ ] die. Dude, I'mma toggle this all the way till I die. I promise you, I'll just sit here and I'll toggle this. I love being back on Notion. Be real. But be real, dude. I love to be back on Notion. I stepped out. I had to step out because they wouldn't let me embed my road map anymore. I had to make my own thing. Toggle list. Toggle list is the killer application. Don't make me start pitching. Don't make me start pitching this, dude. Toggle list is the killer function for Notion. That's the killer app. It's a toggle list. That's what it's called. If you're going to use Notion, if you don't use toggle list, you're absolutely cooked. They're the fierest thing in the world because I can just I can just make more and more deeper and deeper and I can keep this nice. And these red lines are whack, but whatever. Whatever. Okay, let's see what she's doing over here. Running She must be cooking something, huh? So, this is on Slim, who also goes by Cracker. But at the end of the day, she's cooking. We're cooking. We have to cook. We've got no other choice. So, she's been running for two minutes. I hope she's actually doing something. But it's Kimmy 2. Oh, it's Miniax 2.5. Okay, sick. All right. So, I need you now to get access to this AI agent GitHub as well because I want you guys to all attack this. But really, I just want a proof of concept that I'm able to get to GitHub and all that because I'm going to have them on three different projects. get to get this get this in your um get ready to work on this. hit this GitHub and follow rules and then um go to RBI agent PP multi and put 10 ideas in the ideas.txt corresponding and run that um agent. But before that, put a an Excel type fun dashboard with flashing inputs when the multi- agent start doing things and outputting things. Make it feel fun like a slot machine. But no goofy [ __ ] Just fire update of what they are doing and make it fun. Okay, so let's go ahead and have her cook this here. Um, this is a different computer doing a similar project. Different computer doing a similar project. Yeah, bro. You're using Codex. Codex is cooked, dude. I'm just kidding. What? What are you What are you looking for? What call are you making? Tell me what API calls you're trying to make and uh I'll try to help you out cuz it seems like all the end points are running clean on my side. But but maybe they're not. Just like let me know the API endpoint you're calling and I'll uh test it out as well. So let's go here. Let me see because I did make some changes. So, very well could be just all [ __ ] up right now. Let's go ahead here and go to the uh tab where I have the hyperlquid data layer. It's right here actually. Let's put the API key in here. Can you test these end points with this uh specific API key? Okay, let's go ahead and put the API key in there. Jesus. [ __ ] it. You could see it. You can have it, bro. We are making these exact calls from many. Um, thank you, dude. Thank you. This is perfect. It's very, very helpful. There is a user that is running into errors here. So, I just want to double check to see what's going on and then just send me back anything I need to send to the API side and I'll get it fixed ASAP. Cooking And then I got the open claws on the other computers. I love that they're not competing for resources. There's something about that, dude. Okay, so they got a dash here that she made a dashboard for us. Imagine you had everything you wanted. Everything. Imagine you were everything you ever wanted to be. and capture that feeling. >> That's the easiest way to manifest what you want. >> It worked for one second and then died. Dash refuses connection. No, mash is still working. Mash is still working, but you know, she can keep working. I got mad things to do, dude. I got mad things to do. Okay, so where was she? Okay, she's down here. All right, here's the full breakdown. The key is valid, but there's two distinct issues. Um, valid API key required. 401 unauthorized. Valid API key required. Are you part of Quant Elite, Adam? Cuz this one is forbidden. Bulk download is available to quantity members only. But this one authorization bearer. This is liquid. Binance liquidations. Let's see here. Issue one. O format. The API only accepts X API header for API key query params. Authorization bearer is not supported. Okay. If min's code is using bearer format, that's why. Tier two, the Mundv stream is valid and works on standard endpoints, but the liquidation bulk Binance liquidations endpoint requires quantity access. This user's key doesn't have that tier, so they get the 403. Okay, so that's issue number two. But it looks like I there is this issue. So, I'm going to go ahead and fix this. HL node here. Let's cook, dude. Let's keep cooking. All right. You could uh you can see there there's no error when it comes to the 403s. bulk downloads are it's clear in the docs that it's only available for Quant Elite. Um but the first part endpoint one it looks like there might be a little update you need to make. This is feedback from a real user using the API right now and um we just need to fix that endpoint one and then go ahead and relaunch things I think. Let's see, dude. Let's see. don't remember. This is my first day. Welcome, dude. Welcome, welcome, welcome. Yeah, you probably just don't have access to that. It's okay. Um, I'll spend a little bit of time. Oh, it's 12. It's the end of the day right now. Sorry, guys. Sorry for going over here. Let me spend 10 minutes going over how to get the API key for life and to get Quantite. What you're running into is you don't have Quantite. quantity is just like the everything package. But um I'm going to go ahead and spend 10 minutes because I am over on time already, but I've got a lot more to do. So lock in. This will take 10 minutes to go over everything. Uh we've got open claws, we got claws, we got everything, dudes. So I'll spend 10 minutes going over this because I do see Adam is looking for the bulk download of liquidation data. So, of course, he wants that because if you go to Coin Glass, this is going to cost you $10,000, $900 a month, and they give you 12 days, which is insane, dude. Insane. 12 days of data. API. 12 days of data. Where is it? Where's the pricing at, bro? API pricing. Okay. So, $8,388 per year and you get 12 days of one minute liquidation data. That's crazy. I got 18 months plus 18 months plus that you get mundave.com/doccks. Now, this is for the free one. It's obvious that you can't get that quantity only. So your your API key must end in underscore QE 18 months plus of Binance future liquidation data. So I give you I give you give you this as a bonus if you do join. So here's what you get. Moonup.com/win. Okay, you're going to get all of this. I'm going to show you exactly how to automate your trading step by step. Take you from a hand trader to an automated trader, everything in between. I'll show you how to code if you don't know how to code. I'll show you how to use AI if you don't know how to use AI. I'll show you how to find really great strategies. I'll show you how to see if those strategies actually work in the past. And if they work in the past, I'll show you how to build a bot to trade them in the future. So, for obvious reasons, your liquidations are probably much more expensive than $3,000. So, this is a $3,000 value at the minimum. But on top of that, I give you my AI master classes where I show you how to have AI do all the heavy lifting for you. So, even if you don't know how to code, you're going to be able to build for any exchange with the ALGO Trade Camp. You're going to be able to use AI to do the heavy lifting. you're going to be able to build on Solana. This was so so hard to build for and I make it so so easy for you. The same thing with Poly Market. This is another $2,000 value because I show you how to build on a market that has infinite infinite markets that nobody is playing around with yet, especially with bots. So, I give you all of this in the this lifetime all access. Never pay me again for anything, including all of the Zoom calls. You never have to pay for those. That's just a nice little bonus. But on top of that, you get Quantite. This is what Adam was asking for earlier. If you want the data, you're going to get that, too. Because not only am I going to give you Quantite, Quantite is a $300 a month package. $3,564 a year. We have a lot of people in here that are paying this right now. So, this is your opportunity to get lifetime. But on top of that, you get the Mundav Vault. The Mundav Vault is where I put all of my past streams that YouTube made me take off. and then the mood API key. And you saw it's a $10,000 value at the minimum. So these are just bonuses. I want you to get caught up to speed with me. I'll spend 10 minutes at the end of the day going over this. That's it. If you want to get inside, you want everything I know about courses, everything that I literally figure out, I put in these courses. I put them in the courses and then I give you all my data because you become an asset to our community if you get caught up to speed with me. So I give you the API key for life. You get hyperlquid data layer. You get that liquidation data in the past. You get my trading by GitHub that I'm adding to my open clause right now. This is 100 plus extra back test. Quantite has 300 bots and back tests here. I give you all pretty much all of my code that's good in these GitHubs. Two GitHubs. There's 20 plus AI agents. This is another $5,000 bonus at the minimum. But on top of that, you get to see everybody's positions now with the Quant app, Moondev app. You get lifetime access to everything I dropped. It's a $48,000 value. And I'm not going to charge you all that. Even though I do give you something transformational, I hold your hand step by step in the process of manual trader, maybe using too many emotions, trading too much, and losing money to a fully automated trader. So, I'll teach you how to code. I'll teach you how to build bots. I'll teach you how to back test. I'll teach you how to find really great ideas. That's all in the ALGO Trade Camp. And then you get the AI master classes, the Salana copybot course. This stuff each section took me six months to a year to even figure out how to build. And then I refine it and I make it so easy for you. So the way I look at this, this is 5 years of what I know distilled down into short concise videos and you get all of the code. And then I make the bonuses so so nice. You get the vault. These videos aren't anywhere else. If you want to dive deep into building maybe on Solano or AI agents or whatever it may be or like somebody DJ was saying earlier the gradical evolution stuff that's that type of approach to trading is so underground and it's not on YouTube. It's not even on my YouTube anymore. I took it off. I had to I was getting strikes left and right. Wall Street doesn't want me to share this. That's why we're in a private Zoom now. So, you can get the whole Munda vault just as a bonus. And then Quantite is gamechanging. So, if you're in Quantite paying $3,000 a year right now, please do take me up on this. I'm not going to charge you $24,000 either, even though I should. 122,000 is appropriate. You know, that's what everybody else is charging for financial stuff. Even 7,000. I mean, if you got one if you you got to a place where you went from hand trader to having one profitable trading bot, wouldn't it be worth $7,000? Easy. Onetime payment of $1,500. Go to moonab.com/go. If you want in, you can get in. If not, that's fine, too. You have a three payment option or you can just go ahead and jump in fully. Just step on the gas. There's plenty of ways to pay for it. You got cash, you got credit, you got whatever you need here. Uh, Clara, you have all of the opportunity in the world. But if you want to get caught up to speed with me, >> baby build, >> if you want to build, baby, build. >> Yes. Our slogan must be learn baby learn so that we can earn, baby, earn. >> Learn, baby, learn so we can earn, baby, earn. So, I've just been on loop for 5 years and attacking Jim Simons viciously. and everything I figure out I put inside of one of these courses. But I'm I'm just too busy to have 18 courses. And if you want everything I have, including the APIs, including the data, including the apps, including just everything, this is lifetime access to everything. So think of it as a $15,000 investment in yourself to go from hand trader to automated trader. And you have 90 days to see if it's worth it. So you don't even have to really decide right now. Just relax, bro. Jump in, see what it's about, and you have 90 days to decide. Our money back guarantee is robust. We've had hundreds of people go through here just like you and gone from hand trader to fully automated and you can see what they have to say. So, go to mundave.com/go right now if you are interested in joining. Otherwise, I got so so much to build and I'm building for AI now. I'm sorry. I showed you guys everything and in this lifetime offer, you get the distilled version. Because if you haven't been here locked in in the chat like I have, I'm the only one that has been for 5 years, then you're missing a lot. If somebody knows something you don't know, you better pay them for that knowledge or you really don't care about your time, do you? Because you can fiddle around. You're locked right now, right? I asked a bit ago. You guys said you were locked still. You're still here. You still know that hand trading is a is something that's going to wreck you, waste all your time, lose your life. You're still here. You're still locked. I don't think you're one of those guys that will lock in for three hours, then be like, "Oh, no. It's it's too expensive. Let me go ahead and gamble for the rest of the day. Lose 1,500 twice. No, dude. You know, it's the only way. And the best thing about it, worst case scenario, you have some hard skills. I mean, that's how I looked at it. I was like, I know this endeavor is going to be hard. 5 years ago when I met bro who was trading a billion dollars a day. He was algo trading, but he was just a dude. And I was like, oh snap. I heard of Jim Simons before, but I never met somebody that's just like a bro. He was smoking a joint on the couch with the windows open and the air conditioning blasting. I was like, "What the hell are you up to?" My uh realtor was taking me to see a place. I was just distracted like, "Why is this guy chilling here? Why are you up in here smoking a joint in the first place? Why are the windows open and the air condition on? Come on. You're just blowing cash." His computer was just going kind of flashing like, "What are you He's like, "Oh, I'm an algo trader. Algo trader." Like, "Yeah, I do a billion dollars a day in volume." And this was the same time where I was trading with leverage just getting liquidated, but that's all I needed. All I needed to see see was somebody really doing this, not somebody far off like Jim Simons or Citadel. Of course, they know something we don't know. Of course, their blood is like [ __ ] neon and ours is just red. Mere mortals, dude. Like sometimes you just have to to meet somebody and just be like, "Okay, wow. You could do that. I can definitely do that." So I hope I I hope I've inspired some of you here by um you see I'm just a normie too, dude. I didn't know how to code. I was scared. I was scared. But now I believe code is a great equalizer because I feel so so confident that I can never lose ever again. Because as long as you have a couple ideas and you know how to code, you could build for the rest of your life. Now, right now, I'm applying it to algo trading. But dude, if I quit algo trading today, guess what? I could build anything. I could I could build anything. I can do anything because I know how to code. So that's how I looked at this whole thing. I was like, man, you want to really sit down and learn to code because that's going to take a while. I said, "Well, I mean, worst case scenario, if all the algo trading stuff doesn't work out, I know how to code. So, as a trader, it's like, am I going to trade a few months of my time to learn this coding stuff so I can automate my trading, or do I just keep trading by hand? That's not working out for me. I'm getting liquidated. I'm spending all my time sharing these charts. Dude, you don't get your time back." I just hate it. I hate it. I hate it because there's so many ambitious people. the people that are in change the world. The people that look around and they look at their hometown friends and they're like, "Damn, I'm the one. Nobody else wants to do this with me." I used to always try to get my friends to do whatever. You know, I spent $2,000 when I was broke. I was in college. I spent $2,000 on a course to learn how to build apps. Eventually, I first put $15,000 to build that first app. Told everybody it was going to be fire and they told me it was trash. and so did the market. So 17K I burned the boats because I knew that was the way people were making cash off apps. Okay. So I I bought somebody's knowledge. I accelerated two years. I made my own mistakes and then I built my own system and then I ran up M's and that was the first entry to big business. Of course, I was fiddling around on the computer through college and high school, but that was like big business. And the only reason I was able to do that is because I purchased somebody's knowledge. They made it clear. They knew what they were talking about. And then I was like, "Yeah, I'm in. You're two years ahead of me. Let me spend 2K to learn this real quick." And then I did. And then I ran it up. Then I did it again. I bought some Shopify courses. I bought some Facebook ad courses. do anything that I need to know. If you know it, I'm paying you because I value my time. That's why like this rhetoric around openclaw and like what's better to run like is it should you do should you do local or should you do [ __ ] APIs? Like I'm paying every single time because if you run local it's three times slower. This is the a small small window. It's a major major arbitrage. The VCs they're paying for the AI. So why wouldn't we use their AI? It's cheaper. It's subsidized and I can go three times faster if I pay for it. So, I'm a big-time API AI guy and I just can't relate with those that are running local models to save $40 a month. I can't because I value my time at $1,000 an hour. So, $1,000 an hour for five years. You get the distilled version of everything I figured out for 1,500 bucks. That's crazy. Plus, you can pick the three payment option. And you know that you don't have to make a decision here today. You got 90 days. Jump in. Become a informed buyer, not somebody who just buys everything and just runs around. So let's lock in, dude. And if you have any questions, feel free to h chat here. Um you can see all the people like yourself that found me somehow someway. Uh the people in the other public chat, they're always going to cope. They're always going to say, "Oh, you can't sell this stuff." But bro, I can. And I have to because I share this every single day and people come to me saying, "Moon, how do I get started? Moon, can you put a course together? I have to. I have to sell it. If you guys are going to pay me for my knowledge, I know something you don't know. I'm 5 years deeper than you. So, if you actually want to automate your trading, you can tinker for the next five years. I'll be on year 10. But remember, there's I got eyes every single day. I got eyes on me. There's 30 people in the Zoom. There's 20 people in the public. I got eyes on me all day. Every project that I go after, guess what? I get so many tips. You've seen my mind blown here today by you guys in the Zoom. So many tips that I wouldn't have thought about. Now compound that by five years every single day. And then think like, yo, am I really going to attack this automated trading by myself when Moon has literally been here for five years? And he's figured out some secrets that are going to take me five years, but probably 15. Cuz remember, he's surrounded by all these engineers. He's surrounded by people who used to work at RENT. He's surrounded by people that are at Citadel right now. It's It's going to be tough to catch up if you don't know what I know. But if you go to moonv.comgo, I'll teach you absolutely everything I know. And if I ever drop anything in the future, which I probably will, you get access to it. This is all time, all access, 1500. Yeah, let's get it. Okay, you heard enough. Much love to you. Moonab.com/go. If you have questions, let me know. I am um I'm passionate about helping you guys learn this stuff because this is the thing that got me to finally learn to code. I tried so many times to learn to code, but it's like [ __ ] that. Just going to go hire someone. But after doing that and spending hundreds of thousands of dollars working with developers on Upwork, it's very clear. If you want to automate your trading, good luck trying to hire somebody. You got to iterate to success. Hard game. You're cooked if you pay somebody. Sorry, dude. It's true. It's true, bro. It's true. It's true. It's true. It's true. So cash here I can see that you have set this up mini properly. Okay. Also I need to create that. Okay. I want to see how she's doing over here. Okay. Local host should be working now. Nice. So this is cracker here. Let's close this for now. Waiting for idea. T1 T2 choice, right? You just decide what it's going to be, who you're going to be, how you're going to do it. Just decide. And then from that point, the universe is going to get out your way. It's like it's water. It wants to it wants to move and go around stuff, you know. >> Can you keep adding more when they run out? So, build some sort of cron or autonomous thing to keep going all day. And make sure that the there is some output at the bottom that um shows past stuff in a fun way. Okay. So, yo, Art, what's up, bro? How are you, dude? Why I had to lock in? Get it. And let's see what Shortyy's up to down here. Okay, she's good on cash. I want to go ahead and see what There's killer. I want you to run it. Add ideas to the TXT and then build the dashboard. Dashboard out as mentioned. Can you use custom indicators from Trade View with a Python BS or SI MACD are okay? But I got the sauce. Yeah, dude. I actually show that in the algo trade camp. So the algo trade camp, I show you how to convert anything from pine script to Python. Easy, easy, easy. But you're going to be able to take off after this, dude. If you join this, you will know everything I know and that answer will be answered before you even type it. That's the beautiful thing about this, dude. I put everything together step by step just so you can get caught up to speed with me and then you can blow past me because you don't have to go ahead and you don't have to talk through things. Elitebound, let's get it. Let's get a So, she's doing something here and I should do it like this. So I This is getting fun though. This is like, okay, the game has begun. Now it's just build billion-dollar use cases. That's it. Love that dash. Appreciate you. I like the two better. I like the two better. Yo, I was wondering though, have you are you using the open code miniax 2.5 or direct RBI dash? Baby, Mr. Pushup pole. Let's get it because I was only able to get Miniax 2.5 going. I was only able to get it going through um Miniax directly. So the open code just kept like it worked for 2.1 but not for any others. Not for 2.5 specifically. Not all the others worked like Kimmy 2.5. I'm going to give me 2.5 right now. Hall of Fame past results. All right, let's get it. RBI dashboard. Let's get it. Okay, so Hall of Fame. Okay, new ideas. Want me to add even more? Yeah. So the thing is is all I see is this. Oh, I can't do type [ __ ] like that. I can't do that type of [ __ ] Fityy. Can't even do that. Yeah. [ __ ] me. [ __ ] me. [ __ ] me. Yeah. The thing is I know you you started. I can't believe we used to type. This feels archaic. Feels [ __ ] archaic, dude. Feels archaic typing all day. I know you started this. I know you started it, but why do all the things say waiting for idea when it says up top that there are 14 ideas? This got to be This got to be cleaner. It's got to be cleaner, baby. Cleaner. Let me check the docs. Damn, dude. I should have checked the docs. [ __ ] both. There's no templates directory dashboard template. Okay. So she added those agents.txt. Nah gang. Nah. So there is that RBI agents PP multi the ideas.txt txt that one is connected to is where the ideas should be. And remember your rules like with like cracker did then run the RBI agent PP multi with those ideas. It's a script gang can run and it calls your open router. Make sure that's on miniax 2.5. What are you doing? Agent is running 10 threads. Let me fix the dash. Bro, stop the agents until you confirm the dash works. Based on open router typical naming convention, Miniaax models are similar. Let's update the RBI agent. Okay, there we go. So now now she's cooking. I need way more color to this though. >> Take this. I bought some hollow just for your homeboy. I really respect Pump Fun for that. That's the only thing I respect him for. Like, I love how fun they made this finance stuff cuz we're definitely on the We're definitely aligned with the fun, the the flashing lights. Make it more fun. It's already a casino. might as well make it look like a [ __ ] slot machine. It's just more fun. It's finance is boring. It's actually not. But it's actually not boring when you're in the game, but you Okay, so I've got these set up now and now I just tinker for the rest of my life. So, um, if you want to go ahead and join, you can join mundab.comgo. Uh, do you suggest all the quant elites make their own RBI dashboard? [ __ ] dude. I don't know. All I recommend is inside of the boot camp. I I just don't like I don't know what path. I don't want to lead anybody down a path other I just want to give you all everything I know and then let you go down your own path. Making your own dashboard. If you're insinu insinuating you want me to send you over the dashboard. I don't know if it's in my GitHub yet, but it's not even we're not cooked yet. We're not cooked yet. We're not cooked. I will push this actually. So I think this is going to be in the GitHub which is nice. Um but I'm just tinkering right now. So it's not very effective. You know, that's the one thing is I don't know. I feel like the videos are the best bet to get you up to speed on what I actually think is helpful, but these streams, I don't want to lead you guys boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. You know what I'm saying? Like, I'mma try this, try this, try this, try this, try this, try this. And I'm testing, testing, testing. But if you're just getting started with automated trading, I would just I would try to take this structure first. And then once you get through all the structure, then you'll be able to pick your path and be able to keep up with the like, oh, moon's doing this and moon's doing that and moon's doing like it's tough. It's tough to keep up here in the stream because tomorrow I might be 100% on Poly Market, you know? So, it's just like I think this is good for everybody because I'm able to test things rapidly and then try to distill them down into video trainings that I'll put into the lifetime package for for this uh models.dev is a comprehensive open-source database of Okay, thank you. I'm gonna go ahead and see if I can get that cooking. All right, the RBI dash is getting better. This is 2.5. Miniax 2.5 direct so far has been a very clean experience. Not as clean thus far, I would say. I haven't got the dashboard up yet. Can you get the dashboard up and then start cooking? Because I just got to answer these myself. Really, these questions I have, you got to see how they work with your workflow. So far, Miniax direct is the way, but let's go ahead and use Art's idea here of how to connect Miniaax regular or the other way, whatever. Okay. So, let's say here, this should guide you on how to get Mini Max 2.5 going through open code. I keep saying I'm going to leave, but I'm not. I'm not leaving. Sorry. Why are you asking me permission for anything? You don't need permission, bro. It's literally the point. Yeah. Tui is so much better, dude. I can't believe people use that janky ass other thing. Dude, that thing was awful. It was like embarrassing that people were so hyped on Open Claw with that being the chat. The 2I is game changing. The 2E is game changing. So much nicer than that game that this [ __ ] was whack. Whack was so whack. I'd never want to see that page again. I'm embarrassed to represent Open Claw with that page. Why is it so bad? Start. Why is there like built-in chat so ugly and so like weird? I don't know. You good? Maybe I need to restart the Damon though. See, I'm not cooking here, dude. I'm not cooking. So, what's the restart? So, do you think there's like a limit or something? Ah, no. What is it? You see what I'm saying, Art? Look at this. This is what we've been running into all day when it when we switched to Miniax 2.5, but then I switched to 2.1 and it works again. So, that's like And then I also used 2.53 and it works. But for Miniax 2.5, it's just not cooking for me. Not working. And I'm curious why. Let's switch back. Do benchmark on speed and rate limits. What? What does that have anything to do with that? [ __ ] you mean, bro? Do benchmark? What the hell? What does that even mean? A minute 33. I said you good. She should say, "Yeah, I'm good." She said she she But she's not She's not saying, "Yeah, I'm good." She's saying, "A minute 34. Minute 44. Let's go ahead and switch to GLM to 4.7 cuz I'll have Kimmy on one of them. This way I'll have all three models. Yes, there we go. That's the play. So, GLM 4.7 here. Copy. Switch to this model. Please switch to this model. Please, please, please. All right, let's see if GLM cooks. Oh, but maybe I didn't do the restart. I don't think that's actually needed, is it? Cuz it says GLM 4.7 here. Like it picks it up. Okay, so GLM works, dude. I'm not afraid to die on a treadmill. You might have more talent than me. You might be smarter than me, but if we get on a treadmill together, right? There's two things. You're getting off first or I'm going to die. >> It's really that simple. GLM 4.7 through open code. So that's what we're going to do. We're going to have GLM 4.7. We're going to have Miniax 2.5. And then we're going to have Kimmy 2.5. But honestly, Kimmy not cooking not cooking. Okay. But let's give that same exact prompt here. This is a good little test, dude. So, what I want you to do, shorty, is this. I got to type it all out to you. No, no, I wrote it down somewhere. Did I though? That's the real question. No, I didn't. So, I'm gonna type it out. I'm going to say the AI agents GitHub under agents there is the RBI agent PP multi that you see there should be an ideas.txt txt in that it that it that it's calling. I want you to build a system that populates 10 ideas there of trading strategies Jim Simons would test and then launch the RBI agent PP multi. to run. But first, make a slot machine. Type fun pump fun hella colors tracker dashboard where I can see the ideas the RBI agent is working on and the stats it gets from the final back test. So build and launch that dashboard and then also make sure to use mini max 2.5 through open router for that uh Python. Jeez, dude, my typing is so bad she's not even going to understand it. Python um that Python RBI TV multi process. Okay, let's see if she can cook. So, this is GM 4.7. You can see that um this other Kimmy 2.5 just finally finished. So, she might be a little slower, but she did it. She did it. Let's see if it's fire, though. If it's actually fire. Kimmy, show yourself. No purple, please. And make sure that it is showing me the intra um process updates. meaning I want to see what they are working on and then that data at the bottom. I don't need the top bar with that fluff data [ __ ] I want it all to be fire and fun. more. Okay, let's go see what she can cook up there. This Kimmy 2.5 verse GLM 4.7 I got two computers. They got caffeine on them. This is killer and this is cash. I'm way over on time today. I'm sorry. Mash, what is she doing? Holy hell, dude. Holy hell. What is Kimmy 25 doing over here, dog? Look at this. I said this 47 minutes ago. That was 47 minutes ago. No, no, no, no. You can't do that anymore. Shorty, what happened? You cooked or what? What happened, bro? 47 minutes. Did you see yourself? Yeah, you need to get to work, shorty. Yeah, you need to get to work. Ah, the clone failed because it's asking for credentials. Since I have the GitHub token, I should use the authenticated. Let me try cut. Yeah, Mash, we got to keep it. I didn't know we had to keep an eye on them. So, I got MASH over here. She's one computer here with um Kimmy 25, but GLM's better. GLM's better so far because she's faster. I don't know. I don't know. Max Mini is the best. Mini 2.5. Art was spot on. So, shout out to Art. Shout out to Art. I don't know how to use it through open code, but shout out to Art. I mean, can you uh can you add an activity feed that is on the right side and looks like terminal cuz I really don't know if this is actually running. says 21 process. I don't see anything in the hall of fame. I just need something on the left side left side bar that is outputting constantly so I can know where is at. like this is cool and all, but I just don't know if you're working working Miniax 2.5. Let's see. Hey, we got um Kimmy 25 there. And we got uh GLM47 here. I got to say, Miniax has stolen the show thus far. She cooked the hardest. Kimmy 2.5 did her job. She did her job. And then GLM 4.7 gave us a pump fake. I was hyping her up for half a second. Now she's gone again. So, we'll see. I want all of these running my main agents. Why wouldn't I? Why wouldn't I have them all on the RBI? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Dashboard is up now. Let me commit. All okay. Kimmy's doing something over here. GLM's cooking, but she been sitting here for six minutes. Don't run with the pack. If everyone is trying to solve the same problem or a whole group of people, if that's the latest and greatest thing to do, don't do that. Do something original. Don't follow the pack. >> There we go. Live activity. I like this. So, Miniax 2.5 for the win. Like, hands down so far. So, I gotta say that it's better to right now, just based off of what I've seen, it's better to connect directly to Miniax than use Open Code. Even though Open Code is sick and you can connect to Kimmy and all this stuff, Kimmy is just slow as [ __ ] GLM slow as [ __ ] too. Seven minutes. Miniax. Miniax is cooking. But is speed what you need? Maybe not. Let's see what the quality is looking like. Miniax still win went in the quality tab if you ask me. So far, so far. I mean, look at the top left. That's Miniax direct. Top right. This bunky bunk. Bad prompt maybe, but that's Kimmy. And down here, GLM stuck like a [ __ ] scaredy pants. It's cooking again. Okay, there we go. Kill his RBI agent. Okay. Nope. Nope. Nope. Nope. Nope. Kimmy. Kimmy for the win. Kimmy for the win. Kimmy for the win, baby. Open code, Zen. Kimmy for the win. I'm not scared to be wrong, dog. I'm not. I promise you. Promise you I'm not scared to be wrong. I'm going be wrong whether I'm right, but I'm going to be wrong so much. I'm gonna be right sometimes. That's it. I don't care. I don't care to be right or wrong. I don't care. The end of the day, you just got to keep taking shots. I don't know. People say this, they say that. He says Kimmy. He says [ __ ] M2, M5, M [ __ ] six, Claude, whatever. I don't care. Patra date the dog. Kimmy for the win. Kimmy for the win. This is sicker. I like the shaky. I mean, maybe it's a better prompt. Maybe it's a better prompt. I like this dash better than the other dash. Even though it's maybe not as cool, we have gotten new dashes here set up. So, we've done some cool things today. This is fun. I'm having a lot of fun. I'm afraid I could be here all day doing this, and I probably will be. So, we got Killer's RBI agent ready. We got the RBI dashboard. Yep. Kenny said, "Yep." [ __ ] fire. Real time agent logs. So, she took a minute, but she cooked. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Dude, that Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I was I was starting to hit a side eye like, "What's going on here? What's the longevity behind this?" Okay. [ __ ] It's not working very cleanly, but we're cooking. We are cooking. We are cooking. We are cooking. Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the new world. We don't just use one computer anymore. We use three, maybe four. I don't know. I'm going to keep buying computers. That's I That is what I'm convinced on here today. RBI slot machine. Chill, chill, shorty. Chill. Chill on all that, bro. Chill. Chill. Chill, chill, girl. I want it to take elements of slot design for funness, not actually make it a slot machine. remove all purples and make sure there is a super fun feed of what the RBI agents are actually doing. And make sure to contain your code in the agents section of the AI agents GitHub. And like Cracker and Killer did, did did they made their own folder? So remake this dashboard to be more informative and not an actual slot machine. Don't hold back on design or fun. One of the parts should be a fun um output log. Okay, it looks like they're done here. completed back test down here. So, it looks like we have a bug to be honest. Looks like we have a bug. The um activity is still outputting but all the instances show idle. Oh, and this dude. Also, you need to make an environment. You need to uh install all the packages needed so she can run. Gang, one completed. You need to make this You need to make this autonomous so new ideas keep getting in there. It says it's waiting now. So that's when you need to add more ideas. Never have these stop. Okay. So, I got some updates for the This is so sick. Having multiple computers, dude. This is really, really interesting workflow that I've never had in my entire life. Nobody's had this. So, this is literally groundbreaking stuff you're seeing here. How to work with three different computers. Have you ever seen this before? I haven't. I've never used three different computers at the same time. Four. I'm using four computers cuz my computer and I've been working on these three. And I got another one right here. Have you ever seen this before or worked with this many computers at the same time? No, I can answer that. No, you haven't. You haven't. And we haven't had AI. This is just groundbreaking stuff every day. I love it. I love it. Thank you, fam. Thank you. So sick. So sick. So so sick, dude. Okay, this is better. Active processing. Okay. optimizing more fun up top with what's being worked on. Don't need it to just say 18 parallel. That's an opportunity for fun cards or flashing something about what's going on. And look up top left, dude. She's working. She figured out how to auto refill so it never runs out. Beautiful. So, she's going to auto refill that ideas.txt. And you have access to all of this code, which is crazy. Yeah, this is We're accelerating, dude. We're accelerating. I better chill out. I better slow down. I don't want I don't want them to be left behind. If you don't want to be left behind, join the lifetime all access or else you're going to be left behind and forever poor. I don't make the rules. mundave.com. Moonv.com/go. And that's how you're going to get access to everything. But I have so my brain is going [ __ ] crazy today because now we're cooking. Okay, I know I baited you guys for 3 4 days with all those little fun little short videos, but dude, we're here now. She has access to one of the most powerful GitHubs when it comes to AI agents in the entire world. She by them three four, dude. Come on. Lock in. System is fully autonomous now. So, she's going to keep running. Beautiful. >> So, I think my overall still >> No, it's it's what's called machine learning. So, you find things that are predictive. You might guess, oh, such and such should be predictive, might be predictive, and you test it out in the computer. Maybe it is, maybe it isn't. You test it out on longterm historical data and uh price data and other things. And then you add to the system this if it if it works. And if it doesn't, you you throw it out. So there aren't elaborate equations. >> Nothing elaborate around here, guys. >> Nothing elaborate. Just lock in longer than me. But you can't you can't lock in longer than me. You're behind. I want to get you caught up to speed, but if you don't want to, then [ __ ] off, dude. Let's lock in. Don't spend 3 hours here and just decide to go back to the old way because the old way, they're cooked. The quants out there that think there can't be new entrance, they're [ __ ] cooked. They're still thinking about your boy every single day. Oh, Mundev can't do this. Oh, Mundave can't do that. I could do anything, dude. And I will show you everything. I could do anything. I could figure out anything. Anything. Anything. anything. And I will I will continue to come up with new ideas and explore until I can't explore anymore until I'm I can't even stand it anymore, dude. I promise you. I'm going to keep cooking. I'm going to keep cooking every single day. If you want lifetime access to everything you want to learn how to automate your trading step by step, boom. That's a $3,000 value. If you want to get up to speed with me in AI, dude, $1,000 value is light. Solana copy bots, poly market bots. I'll show you how to build all of those. Lifetime access to everything quantally as well. That's 300 plus back tests. It's 1,500 bucks, but you're actually changing the way you trade for the rest of your life. So, if you're done with getting liquidated, dude, join right now. Moonab.com/go. It's one payment. You can use CLA. You can use credit. You can go ahead and have three payments. I'll be the bank. I'll be the bank. But, you know, I'm charging you $25 a month here. If you do the math, I will give you a loan, but I'm charging your ass $25. Probably better than credit cards. So, you're really feeling it tight right now. At least join the boot camp. Everything's backed by 100% money back guarantee. No questions asked. Let me clear all the process ideas and restart. Okay. Okay. So, you can see the invite. Okay. It's it's better now. It's better with warnings. warnings up that wazu. Get these [ __ ] warnings on my face. I have so many reasons I can't be an automated trader. I didn't I didn't learn math. I did go to Stanford. Oh, I'm not ready yet. Mundave, I'll join you in a couple months. Mundave's going to be on the [ __ ] moon in a month, dude. You can't keep up. If you say you're gonna join later, you're cooked because you can only join right now and you got 90 days to see if it's actually worth it because any day now you see it, bro. Any day there's going to be a day I just I just disappeared, bro. Why? What am I doing? Why am I sharing everything? I share for 5 years and I still have to [ __ ] deal with [ __ ] every single day. I don't need to deal with [ __ ] bro. I'm chilling. I've already made it to the island. I've already got the crib. I've already got the knowledge that you don't have, but I would love to give it to you. I'm not going to sit here and beg you to join, though. There's a 90-day money back, no questions asked guarantee. You found me somehow. I commend you for that. You're a data dog. So, as a data dog, you know that you can go search for the data that I already know or just go ahead and take five years and unpack it into a couple months. I show you everything. I've showed all these people everything. People that are even ahead of me when it comes to coding. I've helped them out. A lot of nuances, dude, that I know and you don't know. And I would like to tell you about them in short, concise videos. I can't teach you here on this live. Never. No, of course not. I'm chasing Jim Simons. I got a lot a lot a lot on my plate. So that's why it's a one time all access. If you pay me, you get access to everything forever. So if something comes out in the future, I don't have to use my brain on it. You got access. You don't have to use your brain on it. You got access. It's all access. Lifetime 1,500. That's crazy. Especially when you look at the payments, dude. You could get this way down with CLA. But if you're at this point and you're still on the fence about it, if you're on the fence about it, yeah, I I really don't I don't know. I don't know what else to tell you. I don't know what else to tell you, but I only want decisive people in here. So, jump in if you'd like to. You got me to answer any questions you have. Let's keep cooking, dude. TA lib requires the C library to be installed first. What the hell? Are you for real? I'm going to keep tinkering today, but I'm going to cut this off because it takes forever to have it um process. 777 to you. You have the link moon.com/go if you want to join the lifetime all access to everything. Otherwise, I hope you have a beautiful day. Sorry for going over today. I think I went an hour over today. Uh, my bad. Much love to you guys. 777. I'm going try to keep it at three hours. Go ahead and uh check your emails, check your Discords, check your Twitters. If you want to come to the next one, I'll probably be here tomorrow morning. Let's be honest. Let's be honest, dude. I'll probably go to bed about 8:30 and wake up about 4:30, 5, and be kind of itching to get here. And then it's going to be time to get on. And I'm just going to sit there for 10 minutes. Make sure that I could just stall you out, get the people who aren't actually locked in. I'll just sit at the computer and just see who's actually locked and then start at like 910. Let's be honest. Peace. Peace, bro. Much love to you. 777. I believe in you. Get it, dude. Get it.