here and then five open claws actually. So, five different computers. I have my computer I'm using right now. But then each of these are different Macs in the other room. I got Cash, I got Killer, I got Mash, I got Gal, I got Slim. All have Open Claw installed on them. So, what I'm going to do today is see the answer I need to see. Is it more effective to have them working 24/7 or me working four to six hours a day with six different um cloud codes? So, I'm going to start with cloud code here and then I'm going to while I'm working, I'm going to be taking notes of my workflow and those notes will be things that OpenClaw can go ahead and later do. Matter of fact, let's go ahead and build that first. So, it's 218 today. And what I want to do here is let's think about this for a second. Okay, I got it. So, a lot of Okay, this gets recorded. My voice is being recorded right now to um I got it. I got it. I'll just I'll tell you what I'm about to do. So, let's go to the brain here. Yeah, let's go to the brain. Let's lock in. Let's lock in. I've got the the six or the five open claws behind me, but let's just go ahead and hit lock in here and let's let's get get to cooking here. So, I want you to go ahead and build me a tool here that can listen to my latest stream. When I hit record on the stream, it records to a specific folder. This is the folder. look for the latest one and build out an internal transcriber using Whisper to look at that video every 5 minutes and get the full script. Now, for this project specifically, I want you to take that script and have send it have a prompt here that essentially goes ahead and takes the script, sends the prompt off to one of our AI models. You can use open router. And the question is going to be what is he doing here? This is a live stream. What's his current workflow? And what could he offboard send to an AI assistant that can do it 24/7 based off of this transcript here? And then essentially we can build this tool that will look every five minutes and then it will collect in a a CSV and an MD every five minutes all of these ideas that an AI can do and then I can send it on over to my AI. All right, let's send it. Okay, now I have to figure out where that file path is. So, let's go to get info here. And you heard what I'm trying to do. I want to make sure I'm not just doing BS, dude. Everybody else is just going to make fun videos for you. I'm not doing that. I'm sorry. I'm barely a YouTuber. I'm barely a YouTuber. Just stepping on the gas, chasing Jim Simons, trying to catch up to the $ 31 billion man. How do I do this, dude? What's the folder path? That's what you need. Good question. Good question gang. Let's go ahead and figure it out. Created size where copy path name. It should be the most recent video here ending in MOV. So every time I hit record on OBS, it gets it's it's it's constantly recording the live stream. So this will be live in color. What is moon actually working on in the last 5 minutes? What can we automate with AI and set up? You know what openclaw is, I think. But anyways, it's an AI agent that can work for you 24/7. And I want to make sure that it's the absolute number the top two things. The top two things. No BS. only the top two things in the last five minutes of the transcript. You'll use whisper local in order to transcribe all the time. I'll be able to run this script and it will just loop and you can put it in our agents folder. So, I'm going to do it in the Mundev AI agents GitHub here. Put this on my brain. ideas or whatever. Constantly run my new stream analyzer that figures out what I'm doing in order to build a massive list of ideas for openclaw that she can do. Okay? Cuz now every single day, and I told you there's a reason I'm setting up all these open claws, dude. Every single day now, every single project and every single word, my AI will be listening to. Yes. Figuring out, hey, what did Moon do today? What did he do in the last five? Boom. That is a great thing that I could have OpenClaw do. And then boom. Let's go ahead. Slim. Lock in Slim. Lock in Slim. Or I'll send it over to killer. I don't care. I got five of them now. You knew you knew. You knew the whole play here is I have to show you everything, dude. I show you everything live on stream. So, guess what? I have to go. I have to go find my separation. How do I How do I get separation? Well, OpenAI, Anthropic are competing on compute power. We're nowhere close to being able to compete on compute power with them. But if you don't have five maxs or five open claws, I do have an edge on you. Are they doing anything right now? No. Will they be? Hopefully. Is there a 90% chance that this whole open claw thing is a flop? Of course. Of course. But I like that. I like that riskreward. give me a a list of your top three ideas I should look out for or add to this system. Essentially, I want her to always be listening to what I'm building so we can figure out flows for OpenClaw to work on. You see what I'm saying? And I'm always coding or I code like four to six hours a day so she could be listening that whole time. This is going to be fire. Let's see what she's doing here. I can see the existing patterns. Okay. Oh, I want you to go ahead. I want you to go ahead and look at the February Maybe it was January. We have a poly market bot. Let me go ahead and just find the bot. It's like a liquidation momentum on the 1 hour. I want you to see how it's been doing. I don't think it's been doing too well, but I want you to see what you can see. All right. So, I did switch a Poly Market bot up. Testing something new over there. So, let's go ahead and see how she's see what she can see. Found it. Okay. Beautiful. No, it's 1 hour momentum. Is that it though? code dot should be in the Jan folder. Maybe not. Just find it Okay. Count one liquidation acceleration momentum. >> Your time is limited, so don't waste it. >> She's looking at the correct one. Yes. Perfect. Um, did you test how many named agents can be run on a single Mac Mini? What do you mean? No, I I haven't. Um, I did learn yesterday I can set up multiple virtual environments here for Mac Mini, which is fine. Also, we need to well, let me go ahead and do that inside of the quant app because there is that piece to this that I want to figure out and I never got to it the other day. So, let's go ahead and open up quant app here. Let's go ahead and slide it over here. So, um t C. Okay. And then we got the brain here. Gave us some ideas. I want to think about the problem where I'm actually locked and sometimes I'm scrolling through the output here. Um, and then you still run out of time, right? So, in the code page, code tab, the subtime timer, that's 2 minutes. You sometimes still run out of time if you're scrolling down um or scrolling through reading things. So, I feel like there should be some sort of mechanic there. And I think one of the best ideas, but give me Two more other really great ideas, um, is that while you're scrolling, there should be like a pause on that timer. So the timer, the secondary timer, not the main timer, not the main timer, but the secondary timer. If you're scrolling through one of the panels, then it will pause the secondary timer because that means, you know, they're locked, but they're reading. They're reading and they shouldn't have to like read faster. You know what I'm saying? So go ahead and implement that pause on the sub timer if they're scrolling in any of the terminals because that will mean they're probably reading. Okay, no points for scrolling or anything like that. It's just pausing the subtimer. And then after you implement that, give me two of your absolute best ideas to not hurt the user for reading the actual output. you know, they're actually locked. It's just they're not spamming prompts because they're pretty much monetizing the output. They're the AI just research something or coded something. They're scrolling through. We don't want to harm the user because of that. That makes it a little demotivating to even care about the points. Okay. So, that's something I've been wanting to build here. So, I just leveled up to level five. Let's get it. She's still cooking here. So, this is the agent I'm building here today inside of the Mundev AI agents GitHub. And a lot of you have access to the Mundev AI agents GitHub. A lot of you do not. This is the fastest growing AI agent GitHub in the world. But, um, I got hacked. So, It's not anymore. I made it private. It's just going to be me and my squad verse Wall Street. So, if you're on my side, if you're on my team, you do have access to this AI agent GitHub. This AI agent GitHub has a source folder with 20 plus AI agents, including a swarm agent, including my RBI agent, RBI agent PP. Insane stuff. Today, what I'm building is a new agent that's going to be listening to me during the streams, figuring out what I'm doing, and then coming up with simple ways that Open Claw can automate it because I have five Open Claws now. And I'm going to get more. I actually can double today. I think we're going to test that later. I think I found a way to turn a Mac, one Mac into two and possibly three. Possibly three. So, so yeah, Moon, I see exactly what you're saying. She's basically a silent observer that turns your coding sessions into her own to-do list. Here are my top three. Get diff watcher. Ooh, that's good. Every time you commit or even just save files, she analyzes the diffs, sees what's diff, what you're building, what you left, half finishedish, what to-dos you dropped in the code, what patterns are emerging. From that, she generates her own tasks. Mundav started a new endpoint, but didn't add error handling. He built a new strategy but only tested one time frame. Damn, dude. That's actually a good This is good. He wrote a data fetcher but hardcoded the symbol. Let's generalize it. This is the lowest hanging fruit because get history is structured and easy to parse. I'm going to write this down. This is a good idea. I should have one of my open claws always looking at each of my GitHubs. So, I'm just going to have now that I've set everything up. I do have a little bit more setup as as I said, like I want to test out splitting the computer up. Um, but I know I spent the last couple days going crazy with OpenClaw. There's a reason for that. There's a reason for that. Anytime you can get separation, you have to get you have to take it in this game. We're chasing a $ 31 billion man. And if everybody else is fading openclaw, it's just let me let me go ahead and take that 10% chance that it is a thing and I can actually build something that helps me generate alpha all day. I'm going to take that I'm going take that trade every time. I want to go ahead and build this sheet that says open claw ideas. Okay, open claw ideas. Beautiful. So I want to have ideas to execute here. And the first thing is, well, this might not be the first thing, but a get diff watcher to anticipate things I want to build. Then they submit PRs of it in the background. So while I'm building, she's looking to help essentially. That's crazy. That's crazy, dude. Okay. And then also also what I noticed is when you are scrolling N, we'll we'll do that. We'll do that for now. I want to see what else she said here. Uh she's cooking. I didn't know this would be such a big project. Okay, let's get it. That's the full implementation. Here's what it do. Do scroll pause on decay implemented. Okay, great. That's going to be much friendlier because you can see I'm about to go with the negative, dude. Nice. You're doing the Ralph loop. I'm curious how I'm doing it and approaching it as well. I just got everything set up. I've tested some things, but I'm not fully automated yet. I've just got I've got everything set up and over the next coming weeks I will now be able to kind of build out that plan. First thing I had to figure out was how like my scaling plan. How was how was I going to do this? You know, I set it up on an old computer, but I don't want to do this just with one. So, I had to figure out a scaling plan and the last couple days I figured that out. I figured out how I'm going to go ahead and scale up to as many as I need. Of course, I'm starting with five. I think I can get to 11 today if I need that. If I need that. Um, but I'm not going to worry too much about the scaling up anymore because I I figured it out in my mind. I tried yubuntu desktop. I tried Windows VPS and I know that works for some people. That's fine, but not for me. I'm staying Mac and I wanted to get my infrastructure done and I'm done. So now I'm going to I'm launching this agent to listen to me all day long and figure out little ideas that OpenClaw could do 24/7 because I don't want to just do cutesy stuff like okay I made some videos about the Tik Tok stuff and the Twitter stuff. Okay, that's fine but I'm chasing Jim Simon so I want him I want our I want our open claws to be directly helping me and thinking about ways to help me during the day and since I talk through everything I think I have an edge there as well. I've got an edge there as well because I'm always talking about things. But you could probably connect yours to the whis your whisper and see what you're working on. I don't know. So yeah, the game begins. Really? The game begins now. Now let's figure out how we can have these cook. I got five. I use whisper flow. What about you? Whisper flow. Whisper flow. RBI agent. Yeah, dude. It's >> it's what's called machine learning. So, you find things that are predictive. You might guess, oh, such and such should be predictive, might be predictive. And you test it out in the computer and maybe it is, maybe it isn't. test it out on longterm historical data and uh price data and other things and then you add to the system this if it if it works and if it doesn't you you throw it out. So there aren't elaborate equations at least not for >> oh that's why she's taking Yeah, you don't need to run it gang. Let's go blood. Yeah, I was wondering why you were taking so damn long. You got plenty of stuff recorded here now. Let's go ahead and see if it works. That's so funny. I was like, why is she taking so long? It's not that hard of a problem. I got to reset these mofos, too. So, yeah. Dude, Sasha, let's cook, dude. Cook some. Cook something. cuz we just got to find a way. Now we just got to find ways to make them effective because they got to me that's got to be worth more than a dollar an hour. If it if I can produce a dollar10 per hour then I'm going to have a thousand of these because I attack arbitragees ruthlessly. I have a thousand. I promise you. And that's not hard for me to do. I've been on the internet for a long, long time. I can make a$110 cents per hour. And now that I have a computer that can run autonomously, you think I'm not going to figure out how to make a dollar10 cents an hour and scale this up to a,000, dude? That's why I'm doing this. Like yesterday, people were roasting me. I had ops up in this chat roasting me. Why am I setting up all these yada yada? How do I go from this to that? Dude, lock in. Lock in. I'm a different breed than you've ever met in your entire life. I should They should not have given me the opportunity to learn how to code. I swear to God. I've been getting down on the internet for 15 years. Why am I spending two days saying I've open CL? Because I got a vision that is so so clear. Yes, 90% chance it fails. Okay, that's fine. But there's a 100% chance I'm stepping on the gas harder than anybody else. So, let's get it. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love it. My bad, Moon. I shouldn't have tried to run it here. That's a long pipeline. Okay, the agent's ready to go. So, let's go ahead and get this agent up. And I think this is going to be sick for our pipeline. But first, I want to make sure to get all of these notes down. So this is uh a new Let's go ahead and see if she can cook first. Let's say uh TFL bro Python run it. Python run it. Okay, so she's checking every five minutes extracting last five minutes. Munda Whisper is listening. So she's listening to the last five minutes of whatever we did and then it should tell us exactly what we need to automate here with uh OpenClaw. And I think again this is going to be a a numbers game. Most going to be trash. I'll find some good ideas in there or or I'll go ahead and come up with my own ideas. So it looks like I'm using DeepSeek R1. That's fine. I don't care. I really don't care. This is the alpha. Listening to what I'm actually working on each day and having something somebody go cook that. Yeah, let's get it. Let's get it, dude. Let's get it. So, here we go. So, this is what she says. Task one, continuously monitor and transcribe Mundav's live. Uh why supposedly says open CL? So, monitor and transcribe Mundav's live commentary during agent testing sessions to identify actionable improvement opportunities. Why? Mundave explicitly states he wants OpenClaw to listen to me all day and figure out little ideas. Okay, so we were talking about that so it gave us that idea. Task two, automate performance metric tracking for trading agents during live testing. Mundav is manually evaluating whether agents cook perform effectively and uh needs to determine if they meet his $110 per hour profitability threshold, which requires continuous monitoring. How? Integrate Mundab's trading API to track P&L per agent in real time. Let's get it, dude. Let's get it. And tell me a little bit more about it though before I move on. God, another day. Oh my god. Another day. Another Oh my god. Do you see what's going to happen here now? I have separation. You can't I have I have a built-in edge. I'll show you absolutely everything every single day. I promise you. I believe code's a great equalizer. I believe if I show you everything, I have to go find out other things. I spent the last two days setting up five open claws today. I can move this up to 11. I've got a way to split them, I think. We'll see. But now I have a another an agent here that I'll push to GitHub so you can have it. But I have an agent here that's going to be listening to me all day. What am I working on? I'm working with six clock code opuses. They're working with some other AI. I'm not telling you which one anymore. This is war. So, she's going to be listening to me all day figuring out what my open claws over here can do. Okay, I think that's game over. That's hard to compete with. I build a moat because I have to. I went and got five computers because I have to. I show you every single step of the way. I believe code is a great equalizer. Just tell me one day that it changed your life. Please say, "Hey, Moon. Uh, you inspired me to learn how to code.