Hey, MoDev here. I wanted to explain what you're going to get when you join here today. It's five bucks. It's a Zoom call. Really filtering out the noise. If you're serious about this industry and you want to see everything that I'm building, then jump into the Zoom. There are some major differences from the public stream. The Zoom call that you'll be joining here today has no ads, no breaks, and you can actually chat with me all day long. Nobody else will have access to chat and the public. They'll have massive ad breaks and honestly sometimes I just forget to turn it off. So, it's usually 12 minutes, sometimes 36, 48. So you'll miss a lot if you don't join the Zoom. You also get the replay from yesterday. So yesterday or the previous Zoom. So the previous Zoom call, you get that replay. So it's kind of like buy one Zoom get one free as you get the next Zoom and you get the last Zoom's replay. And if you can't make the time, this time is always going to change here. It's always going to be different. It's going to be two to two to four hours, I'd say, majority of the time. And if you can't make it at this specific time, don't worry because on top of yesterday's or the previous streams replay, you get this stream's replay as well. I know we're all over the world here and we're all stepping on the gas. So, I'd love to meet you sometime if you can show up live to the Zoom. But don't worry if you can't because you get the full replay that is not accessible anywhere else in the world. It's not on YouTube, not on Twitter. If you want the replay for the next stream and the replay from the last stream, all you have to do is get a ticket here today. It is $5 to filter out the noise. Now, I want to make this the greatest experience ever. You pay five bucks, you get a you get the past zoom, you get the next Zoom, and you get both replays that aren't available anywhere in the world. It's already worth well past $5, I hope. But I wanted to make it an absolute no-brainer. So, you can see I give you 24-hour API access and some other massive bonuses that I just want to go over really quickly so you're crystal clear on what you'll get when you join. First and foremost, you're paying the five bucks for the Zoom call, the next Zoom, and you get that replay as well. And then you get the past Zooms replay as well. But since you're going to be watching over my shoulder while I'm chasing Jim Simons, the $ 31 billion man, I can't really teach in the next Zoom. So, what I did is I put together a threehour stepbystep master class on how you can get your trading bots live. It's a three-hour training that when you join right now, you'll get instant access to. So, I don't know what time it is compared to when the Zoom's starting, but hey, you might have 3 hours to watch that right now or next week or whenever, but this is a step-by-step master class helping you automate your trading. This will be teaching while you'll be watching over my shoulder at the next Zoom. So, I just wanted to make this be a really great bonus because this right here is well worth way more than five bucks. I'm excited for you to get into this industry. I don't know where you are, but hey, if you're just starting, this is going to be super helpful for you, but I wanted to make sure that this was even better. So, you get the the Zoom session, the next Zoom session, you get both replays, the past Zoom, the next Zoom, you get the how to automate your trading master class, which is a three-hour step-by-step master class. But then if you show up live tomorrow, these are 24hour bonuses that you get right when you show up live. There's a few times throughout the day, you know, depending on what time you get there. I'll drop all of these bonuses in the chat. So these are live show up bonuses and you get them for 24 hours, but each one of these would cost a few hundred per month anyways. So I just wanted to go ahead and give you a free bonus so you can kind of see what we're working with here. I built the hyperlquid data layer Mundev API and you get that for 24 hours when you get access to the zoom. So go to mundave.com/doccks and you can go ahead and explore the hyperlquid data layer API. Essentially if you're trading on Hyperlid you're going to get data so much faster. But not just that you're going to be able to see people's positions. And that API also bundles in the Mundev AI. So there's a ton of endpoints here. mundave.comdocs. You can go ahead and explore it. And hey, maybe this right here is such a great bonus for you that you'll join the Zoom call. You get this for 24 hours and you can explore, use all of the data you need, do whatever you want to do. This is such a great data source and you can read all about it mund.com/doccks. I mentioned you also get the Moondev AI in that API key. So what I do is each day in the chat I drop the API key. It's 24-hour access. I use the same API key as you so you know it's going to be robust because if the API key goes down, I'm using the same one. I put it in the chat every every day. Every time I get on Zoom, it's a new key. So it's 24-hour access and it's a bonus just to actually show up. Now, I know if you're living on the other side of the world that might be hard. I'm sorry about that, but I tried to make this well worth $5. Anyways, you get both replays previous, the next, and you get the three-hour master class on how to automate your trading. If you can show up even for a few minutes, come in, get the key. On top of that, you get the Mundev app. The Mundev app is where I do all of my do all of my coding and I can see everybody's position. You can see the API key powers this as well. So you put the API key in here and say unlock app. So you can see I have four different cloud codes and sometimes I have up to six claude codes. This is on the code tab. On the trade tab I can see everybody's position. This is insane. We weren't able to see this before. You can see this guy gets liquidated in 7%. This guy gets liquidated in 8%. This guy has a $8.5 million ETH long that he gets liquidated in 1.2%. This guy has a 3 million BTC short. This is the stuff that you've always been skeptical about. They can see my positions. Yes, Wall Street has been able to see your positions, but finally we have the power to see other people's positions. So, the Mundev app is where I get an edge in trading and I'm able to code so much faster because if you've been using Claude Code, you know, the context switching is the hardest thing. Flipping through all these different tabs here trying to figure out which one has what thing you're working on. It was a mess. So, I built it right into here. I also went ahead and I put back testing in here. So, instead of fiddling around trying to figure out how to back test without AI, AI is built into this. I also here you can get open, high, low, closed volume data. You want 1 hour of data for the last 400 weeks on BTC whatever ETH soul. This is data that would cost you so much money. This is crazy that I'm giving it as a bonus just for joining the zoom. I believe code's the great equalizer. I give you absolutely everything because I know if you take this serious and you actually attack this industry, the worstc case scenario is you learn how to code. That's how I looked at it at least. Okay, I can spend a couple years chasing Jim Simons. I have to learn how to code. Best case scenario, I have a bunch of profitable trading bots trading for me 24/7. Blessed. But at the time, worst case scenario was I know how to code and I've been scared of learning how to code my entire life. I believe code is a great equalizer and that's why I share this so freely. I had to tighten up a little bit. I got hacked a couple times. I've got a lot of trolls in the chat. It is what it is. It comes with the territory. I love this game. I'm going to keep sharing absolutely everything every single day. But I had to put a $5 wall up. It's nothing crazy. By the way, there's a 90-day no questions asked money back guarantee. So, if you don't absolutely love what you see in the Zoom or the past Zoom or the TradingBot master class or you don't get any value out of the API or the AI or the Mundv app, I didn't even talk about the road map yet. People always ask me, Mmundave, please write a book. I think this is better than a book because this grows with me. You can see you just use your API key, put the API key in there, and you have 24hour access to this as well. This will hold your hand through the process of building a trading bot. I have a lot of free resources. If you want to go the free route, this is the best way. You can see it just opens up videos here, video after video. landed >> some of my top videos. Join the Discord. Bunch bunch of frequently asked questions. You can explore the YouTube. Join the Discord. These frequently asked questions you probably have in your mind right now. So, I'll answer them for you. But not only that, I give you my actual system. The process of automating your trading starts with research of trading strategies. Then you back test those strategies to see if they actually work in the past. If they work in the past, they're not guaranteed to work in the future, but they're much more likely. So, I follow the RBI system. This took years to create, and you get it as a bonus just for joining me in the Zoom call. I'm so down to share all of this information to the entire world. But there's bad actors out there. Throw five. I know you're a legit guy. RBI, research, back test, and then incubate into small-s size bots. You can see I even give you ideas out of my personal idea book. I also give you a book list that will show you exactly what books you need to read if you're just getting started with this. And then again, another data source so you can get unlimited data. Plus, you've seen me dropping YouTube videos code from videos. So, I've got the HIPP3 liquidation trading bot, the HIPP3 funding rate scanner, the Poly Market Hyperlquid liquidation statistical arbitrage, the Poly Market 5Minute bot, the CVD 5m minute bot, the MACD 5minut back test, the MACD histogram, the XG Boost RAW candle ML on the BTZ 5minut, the Poly Market Weather Scanner, the Poly Market Redemption bot. I'm down to give you everything. I've given these people everything. They've had such great things to say. They say I've changed their life. Okay, I just can't do that all in the public now. I want to make sure that I'm only communicating PE with people that are serious about this industry. So, it's five bucks to get into the Zoom and you can see I can keep going of all the bonuses you're going to get and what that API opens. But this is the lion share, dude. You get to be able to watch everything. You're able to chat. You're able to connect with others that are serious about this industry. You get in the Discord, all that for five bucks. The API key, I'm not going to spend too much more time on it cuz it opens a lot of things. You see, this is a paid product from some people. They're charging you a hundred hundred some dollars for this. You want to trade on Poly Market? I see every single trade that comes through. I can say, "Hey, I only want to see trades that are over a thousand. Hey, I only want to see whales. Hey, I only want to see the no markets. Hey, I want to see the ones with actual edge. Hey, I want to see what markets are closing soon." This is Poly Market stuff that you can't get access to without that API key. Moon.com/poly market. If you want to check it out now, this is unbelievable. You can look around. There are other companies selling this type of stuff a couple hundred bucks a month. It's free. It's free when you join. You can see over here, this is another place to see everybody's positions. So, you'll have the app. You can see it there or you can see it on the web. Feel free to join the arena. We're building out a leaderboard here. This is free to join. You don't have to join the Zoom. You don't have to pay me anything ever to join the arena. mundabe.com/arena. People are competing to predict the next hourly price or five minute price on Bitcoin. Worshoski has been killing them. Eight correct, two wrong. Okay, the weekly here. Papo here, 13 correct, four wrong. These are people in our community. If you want to be great at something, you must be around other people that are trying to be great as well. You know that. I don't need to tell you that. But that's what this Zoom has created. You know, I got hacked big time December. All the other quants got mad at me. I share too much stuff. Wall Street doesn't like this. I get it. People are attacking. So, what do I have to do? I have to change up. You've seen me for the last 5 years stream all this for free on YouTube. Free. But now I can't because some people hate me. And the things that I show here, dude. The people I talk to, I leak too much. I'm not going to conversate with somebody who's trying to take me down. It is what it is. Not going to show everything to the public stream. When things get real crazy, I just throw this ad on. And I can talk about how many bonuses you get for 20, 30 minutes. So, if you're seeing this right now, well, if you don't want to see this again, jump into the Zoom. It's five bucks. You're a trader. It's nothing for you. It's just a verification meth method. I It's been very effective to get rid of 95% of trolls or people that are just trying to waste time or you know how it goes. Look at look at all live stream chats. So, feel free to jump in. It's going to be fire. I'm going to show you everything I'm building in the day. You're going to get a full replay in case you can't make it and you get the previous replay. That's awesome. On top of that, I hold your hand through the process of automating your trading. I give you a ton of bonuses here. The API key, you saw what it opened up. It opened up the Poly Market scanner. That would be a few hundred bucks. The API documentation. This is $1,000 per month for enterprise. You can see you also get the road map. You can see hundreds of people have joined my programs before and have had success. So, check them out on the internet. Check out the road map when you do get your key. Uh it's pretty thick. You get all of these different codes from videos that people have been asking for and this is just going to grow bigger and bigger. That's the thing. That's why I'm like this is this road map is better than a book because I'm going to learn something new in a week and then I can update it on the road map code from videos. You know, if I dropped a book, it's like okay, it's everything I've learned in the first five years. But I'm not I'm just getting started, dude. Like Jim Simons did this for 30 to 50 years and he ran up $31 billion. And we're in a different time. We have AI. That's a thing. You might be scared right now because you don't know how to code. I spent 10 years in tech. Scared of learning how to code as well. AI codes for me all day. So, this road map is thick and it's only going to get thicker. You get it when you show up live. So, you see everything that you get a ton of awesome bonuses. The stream is usually two to four hours that I'll show you here on this page. You get the previous Zooms replay. That's instant access. So you can start watching that now and then you get the full recording uh after the stream plus you get the trading bot master class. I'm not going to be teaching in the Zoom. So this video will be a master class, a teaching way of showing you step by step how to get your bots live. You get 24-hour API key access that unlocks all those cool tools I showed you. Mundave AI, also mundave.com/doccks if you want to learn more. You get the desktop app that works for Windows and it works for Mac. You get the algo trading road map. You see the testimonials. If you want to join, it's five bucks. There's a 90-day no questions asked money back guarantee. I'll see you inside.