I had six clawed codes here as you can see. One, two, three, four, five, six clogged codes all in front of my face. Working on a strategy that is an edge that most people don't look for. Some data is coming in slower than other data. I have data directly from the node, Hyperlquid node itself. And essentially what I found with these clouds today is a basket strategy that hit a 5.37 sharp and it's only during after hours. Now how can we even trade after hours? Well, this is HIP3. If you look at the the docs here, you can read more about it. But at the end of the day, Hyperlid has the ability to trade stocks on it as well through HIP3. So, I'm collecting all that data and we found some crazy things today. Um, this is all done through here. Um, I'm working right inside of the app. So, I can just go ahead and add new projects here like that. Um, add new scripts and ask AI without having to context switch. But, we scaled the server as well today. I did something that I didn't think I was going to be able to do. So, I'll show you everything here. But we went from 10 HIP3 symbols to 136. Now Claude found a way and able to scale that along with the other stuff on the API. And like I said, one of these winning strategies is pretty interesting. It is on the oil markets. And my thesis here was, hey, HIPP3, the one thing it does enable us to do, again, HIP3 is pretty much stocks on hyperlquid. It allows us to trade when the market is closed. So the first idea I had was okay, let's look at oil here. And when it's closed, is there any type of pattern? And we did find a pattern. It's a drift pattern. So you'll be able to see everything here in this. This is actually a private Zoom call that I'm showing you recording of and uh I do Zoom calls every single day. So, lock in because you know you can get this for free as well. If you're using multiple cloud codes, eventually you're going to run into this problem. So, I just dropped this in the chat, but lock in. I'll show you absolutely everything here in this very, very short video. You have 24 cores and 375 GB free disc. The issues at a thousand is the JSON exporting step writing 5,000 small files every 10 seconds. Two real concerns at scale. HL WebSocket rate limits 1,000 subscribe messages on connect. You may need to batch or throttle easy fix. Universe refresh seven dexes times one HTTP call every five minutes today. Could grow. So 10,00 is achievable on this box. We just reworked the export step. You see below 10 second verse 30 seconds. What it actually means trayflow hyperlquid websocket in memory buffer SQLite JSON file written engine servers or serves it is a static file. The export interval currently 10 seconds is how often we rewrite the JSON files. So yes, bumping to 30 seconds in the JSON API serves can be up to 30 30 seconds behind reality for your open high, low, close volume use case. That's basically nothing. A one minute candle doesn't care if the latest tick is 5 seconds or 25 seconds old. Even on the 10-minute window, 30 seconds is invisible. The smart move, which is what I'd actually do at scale. Short time frames 10 minute 1 hour keep it 10 second exports people watching live charts long time frames up to 60 seconds or 5 minutes nobody sees a subm minute or even better longer term skip the JSON prewrite entirely and have the APR we read SQL on demand always with fresh no charm bigger refactor though. >> What's this bigger refactor? I mean, if that's like So, my my concern is we just I just don't want to [ __ ] up the other parts of the API, you know? And a bigger rewrite is fine if it's a better way to store this without all going down. What is this SQLite on demand thing? How does that fix the problem? Let's say they go to a thousand or 2,000 symbols be crazy if I had on my API had 2,000 symbols all tick data. Are you kidding me? That's far. That's fire. Do I not say fire correctly? That's [ __ ] fire. So the on demand refactor explain current model every 10 seconds regenerate JSON for every symbol whether anyone asks or not cost equal symbol time duration time frequency on demand model don't pre-generate anything when a client hits that API queries SQL write then and returns Oh, that's better. Why? This is safer than it sounds. The fear to rewrite downtown the struggles. Okay, let's do that then. It sounds fire. Let's just do the the full refactor right now. Let's just make sure that the endpoints don't change anything. Nothing changes. This database thing is great because they are going to have 2,000 and then 5,000 symbols. Like there's going to be unlimited HIPP3 symbols. So I'm tracking tick data for all that. Let's just do the on demand thing because it's like when you want the data, you can we'll just call it instead of prewriting them. Yeah, this is way more elegant. Go ahead and click shy. Know you have any questions? She's cooking. All right. I'm actually going to cook this off the screen, though, because if I get that hacked, I'm smoked. Liar's already wired up. Let me see what the HIPP3 on demand point already exist. Playing the gap, beautiful. Can you go ahead and for now try to run a script with the hyperlquid data just their API and see how much one minute you data you can get. No, no, no. Five minute data. Let's do 15 minute. Let's do 15 minute. I want to see I want to I want you to build a data collector for hyperlquid that ideally loops. So if we can only get 30 days of data, then we go ahead and loop and get that next 30 days. But you need to prove that it's actually consecutive 30 days because in the past you've only been able to get 30 days. Maybe with HIPP3 you can get more data though. So let's go ahead and explore all of the HIPP3 data through the Hyperlid API themselves. And if needed we can loop and get the last 30 days and then append it to the other 30 days and have 60 days and then 90 days. But a lot of these don't even have that many days. So, I just want to build this out with the Hyperlid data with the Hyperlquid API in general while I'm cooking this up on our API. Thank you. All right. So, we cooking all day. Of course, of course. Of course. Of course. Of course. Good data. Okay. Hims goes back to 325. Just listed 32 days ago. Okay. I'mma build that out out too. Okay. So, I want you to when you're finished with this, I want you to go ahead and send me instructions and the code just printed out here on the terminal. Um, all so I can just copy it and send it over to my server. My server is essentially collecting tick data for these tokens now. So, essentially, you could show them how to get the last um 30 days or however many days we can get. If we can get more than 30 days, that's [ __ ] far. But essentially, since we're starting collecting tick data on all of the different um HIPP3s, what we can do right now is use whatever you use in order to get 30, 60, 90, however many days we're able to get and then we'll have a good starting point. So, we have a head start and then we can append the new data to that. So, boom, right now we can have the however many days they have on our API and you're talking to that API is a Mundev API and you just explain that to them how to call the data that you just explored. So, thank you. Okay. Got the cap. Hyperlid returns 5,000 candles per call. Hard limit. Okay. And I need you to make sure that that see now. Let me run him first. Confirm. End to end. See what's going on in the server here. She's still cooking. HIPP3 candle polar is done and proven. Okay. Proof of stitching. 52 days. Zero gaps. hyperlquids per call is 5,000 candles. Okay. So, what I want you to do here, you can see we just added this here into our file. It's like it works. Okay, go ahead and um I want you to go ahead and use it. But the theory I need you to prove is I need you to first out print out a image of this a graph so I can see that the data is not just repeating itself. Essentially what happened in the past you used to be able to append like okay the last 30 days which is whatever you know all of April and then you could go back and there's a 5,000 limit bar limit and you could get the next 30 days or whatever you know if you're looking at 15 minute 5 minute data okay that might be more than 30 days you see what I'm saying so the problem was when hyperlook first started you were able to do that looping thing loop back another month another month another month and then you can append them together have a full data At some point they changed that. So what I need you to do is prove that this code right here is not just for example if it's getting the last 5,000 bars because that's the max and there are daily bars. It's not just the same data every time is what I'm trying to say. So, I need you to make a a chart that prints out this data so I can see the pattern of the data. I need you to analyze that as well because the pattern will be very clear if it's just like it says it's the last 30 days or it's the last 90 days, but it's really just the last 30 days three times. You see what I'm saying? That's what I'm trying to prove. Okay, thank you. I mean, I for real, I should have just put it right here, but um I I don't know. I already have a prompt over there, you know. All right, here we go. US equities are closed. Come on, gang. Come on, shorty. This is 247. There's no dness here. Go ahead and give me the new uh update for the dock team. be very specific on how things are called now and how many symbols are tracked if it's all symbols. Yeah. Yeah. It's all symbols now, right? So, all HIPP3, but yeah, it's 24/7 365. This isn't a stock market. This is HIPP3 through hyperlquid. So, it's 247. Thank you. Yeah, but it's 247. This is not the um stock market. Is this repeating? No, this is this real. Hey Grock, is this real or is this repeating data? See what you said. Charts open. And here's the proof broken down. So it's airtight. Runs five independent tests on XYZ CL 15 minute. All five pass ink. Third CL chop 78. Okay, three completely different price regimes. This were the same window stock 3x middle panel bottom panel. The verdict looped independent and pool history is generally walking and time backwards. Let's see what's Gucci here. Let's go to hyperlquid itself. How many days is this? So, okay. prove this works with uh one minute XYZ. Okay, so here we go. Um doc team update. You're right. HIPP 247. So let's go ahead and see first off if we can just send all this over here. Okay, let's go to hyperlquid data API first. Go ahead and test to make sure that this is um true and it works. Send any back feedback you have to the server. I am the server. So um yeah, make sure it works, all this stuff works and we get all the uh endpoints that we want. Um, you don't need to go ahead and test all of the data endpoints, but yeah. um make sure it all works and then if it does, you know, update our HIPP3 data because essentially what we added is every symbol confirmed both 78 bar repeats. some sketch. We'll see. We'll see. We'll see. We'll see. 424. Does this look like the the real him? Holy hell, bro. Oh my god. That's bad. It's bad news. It's bad news, though. There's no volume there. It's not good news. It's not like boom kabang got some good news for you and know. Let's go to him. Full chart. Oh, maybe because it's the weekend though. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that makes sense. So this what it look like. 423. Yeah. I mean that's kind of what it looks like if that's 423 here. It's not. There we go. Um, is that it? I think that's it. Let's see what shorty at Moonab hims one minute verifier output and charge 5,159 unique bars strictly monotonic 3.6 days. No, I don't think you really tried it. Hyperlink's one minute retention is much shorter than 50 minute only 3.6 days versus 52 days for 15 minutes. Okay. I don't think I'm going to do the whole thing like trying to like patch them together. Not going to do that. But starting now, I have all the data from HIPP. Maybe Well, maybe later. Maybe later. Now you got it just for coming coming through to the Zoom. So much love to you. S keys in chat. He's in the chat. This isn't for everybody. This isn't for the public. So, peace. Putting them on lots of odds today. Lots of odds. Just going to keep throwing ads at them. I can't see this. Don't want them to see it. So, their retention, can you prove this with a couple other symbols that that's actually their retention is much shorter? Let's, for example, let's go ahead and try um try one minute on XYZ SP500. How many days back can we get for that with our appending thing? Thank you. 3.6 days each. Okay. So, that's awesome. That's awesome because that means that I got something after 3.6 days. Like there's not going to be anywhere in the world that you can get this besides the API which you guys got. A lot of you got for life. All right, dude. Both verified all three symbols converge on the same number. One minute retention is 3.6 days hard capped at API level regardless of symbol or listing age. Side by side one minute results 3.6 3.6 3.5. Hey Each one shows three different price regimes across the thirds. No duplicate time stamps. Non-flat open high closed volume repeats retention summary across what we've now tested. 52 days. All right. Test five minute. How many days back can we get on five minute? This is on a few different symbols. So, we can um Yeah, it's interesting because we're kind of building out data edge here. If I have the Mundv API that's collecting all the data on the one minute, I'm getting all the tick data. So, even the 32nd, we got more than 3.6 six days or we will we'll have way more than that. But I'm curious what like how how many days can we get in the five minute? So test the different symbols. Thank you. They got Costco up on this ham dude. Dude, you can't trade this on the weekend. You can't trade this ever, dude. 257,000 in volume. Are you kidding me? No way am I trading this here. What the hell? But but but but I think you can. I think you can. It's just not going to not high. Don't do it a lot. Not high frequency. But maybe there maybe there's an edge there, too. I don't know. I can't I don't want to like say anything because I don't want to say anything that's in concrete terms because we're all traders and you know you're wrong then you're right. Lily, but they do have Lily. We were looking into that GOP stuffs 14 years late. Okay, so the five minute here goes back to 49. So, okay, that's far hard capped at 17.5 days. Smoking gun observation has 52 days or 15-minute data, but only 17.4 or 5 minute data. Same symbol, same poll. interesting. So there is a ma major edge here that having the moon API. That's fire, dude. That's a major major edge. How to access Blackbox AI new here. You can have all the stuff here. It's at the moon.comdoccks. Done. Here's the verdict and feedback to your server. 24 out of 26. Happy better. Okay, so I need to send this to my server here. All right, so this is my front-end team giving you feedback here. Almost perfect. Great job. Please fix those things. Thanks. Now there's documentation though. Should show you everything you need. You go through it and have any questions. I'm happy to help. No, there's documentation though. Should be everything you need if you have any questions. I can't figure out how it helps. Interesting. It's covering crypto and meme coins crypto. is the most robust most liquidity poly market's very interesting though. Keep exploring All right, here we go, dude. Let's see what she said. All four fixes verified. No regressions. Let's go see. All right. So, we shipped the fixes. Can you go ahead and make sure that they're working? And if you have any feedback for the um server, let me know. And if you don't have any feedback, go ahead and give me the full update we just did here, writing it out in terms of how like myundev.comdocs would write it. So, it's like an update for that. I'll send it. Send it. Send it to them. Thank you. Send it. Send it. Send it. Speak mo. Speak m. Let's get it. Let's slot. Let's lock. Let's lock. Let's lock. Okay. Copy cherry here. I'm going cook you. I got to go ahead and get in SSA. Moon dash. Moon dash. SSH. Moon dash. Won't see time. See time. Gold nuggets for beginners. RBI. Yeah. Got to find a framework that you can follow. Make sure that you follow that diligently every day. What's that? I mean, what's what's the room today? Are you guys new? I'll go trading or throw a one in the chat here. Here, we'll do this. Throw one in the chat if you want me to spend 30 minutes today peaching. Otherwise, I'm just stepping on the guy, so I got to I got to run. I got I got a bunch to build. I got a bunch to build. I just paid $5. Well, let's see. Because a lot of people are already locked. They know what I'm building. and you purchase something that says look over my shoulder. If we get a bunch of ones in the chat, I'll spend 30 minutes teaching. Otherwise, I'm just going to keep cooking. Not from the same person though. Just spam the chat. I don't see no two. two see gave it to he's like [ __ ] that step on the gas beat Dr. drinkers. [ __ ] that. They said, "No way. We already know you guys had your opportunity. So many opportunities. All right, let's go ahead here and see. So, all four fixes have been verified. I'll go boot camp for the ones. All four fixes verified plus a bonus catch is also validated. Zero feedback for the server. Ship ready. Here's the docs update. Moonab.com/doccks update. HIPP3 tick and candle API v2 release date. Okay. yada yada backwards compatible. yada yada. What's new? HIPP3 new data layer now covers every HIPP3 symbol on Hyperlquid. currently 137 symbols cross seven dexes. Okay, so um let's go ahead and show share it. What the hell, bro? What's going on? Okay. So, I'm going to copy this here. wound.com/doccks. We made a major update here with HIPP3. Now, it continuously finds the newest symbols and it collects tick data for all symbols. Uh, lean into the point that if you want one minute data from Hyperlquid API, you can get a max of 3.6 days. If you want five minute data from the Hyperlquid data API, you can get a max of 17 days. Starting April 26, 2026, you can get unlimited days back from, you know, starting today for any tick, for every tick. So that's minute data. That's if you want minute data, if you want 30 second data, we got all the ticks for all HIPP3 symbols. Thank you. All right. So yeah, go ahead and make the changes to the moon.com/doccks. Thank you, Shorty. Okay. This is fire, dude. Got to update the HIPP 3 sections to reflect 136 symbols, seven dexes. Remove the top 10 cap and add the comparison versus Hyperlquid's native API. Beautiful. All right. Now, I want you to um print me out 10 data frames of the I want you to go ahead and get the data that we can get. I want you to get uh as much. I want you to get the last 100 ticks. No, last 50 ticks for five different symbols and print them out in the time here in the um in a DF just so I can see them. Thank you. Okay. So, bottom line is this. Let's see what the 1 hour like how much 1 hour data can we get? Let's try a different a few different symbols. How many days so we can add that to comparison. I'm curious about it. Also 4 hour. So 1 hour 4 hour and then we'll have a complete picture. So the um teaching one I'll just go ahead and try to do both at the same time. But I've got three things here. This is going to be a little longer to try to teach you this stuff, but um looks like we got more votes for yes than no. And um you know, got to be fair. But if I can do this in the top left and then I don't take away from my productivity, I'll get faster at this. Where is the Where's the link, dude? I used to have it right here. All right. Pay pay attention real quick if you are trying to learn this because I'm going to show you this real quick and then you'll be able to go do it. Okay. Okay. Look, we get the tick data. Beautiful. 426. And there's big gaps in these. I wonder if it's because the um people just aren't trading too much right now. BNTL Open AI. There's an absolute lack of liquidity here. I say VNTL, but OpenAI is on here, huh? trades. Huge gaps. I don't think this is correct. Sunday liquidity is real. Every symbol it takes take within the last few minutes. So 1610. It's okay, G. It's okay. Don't worry about Got you. I got you. It says 1919 or 919. Okay. So, I'm going to give her an a direct example here cuz like for example, you can see it says two takes. It's 1615. the screenshot for example like let's go ahead and lock in on this VNTL um open AI because I want to see what's going on here. You can see that it shows a bunch of ticks but the ticks are big gapped in time and then you can see the screenshot here. I think the uh time is obviously different but I mean the time zone is obviously different but but it looks like there's just not consistency. So let's lock in here and see if we can get the same trades I can see on there. Here. Thank you. And if it's a server side thing, then just let me know cuz then let me know the actual thing. Yes, deploy it. Yes, please deploy it. Thank you. lock mund direct answer first. It's not a server side issue. The data is fully there. Every single trade in your screenshot is in the API. The bug was in my display. I cherrypicked nine candles in the DF8 actually had 38 making it look like the big gaps. They didn't. [ __ ] yeah, gang. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. J. Yeah. Can you get a replay? You can get a replay, dude. You can get a replay. The replay is going to be on the same page you join with. Thanks. Thanks for coming through, bro. Thanks for coming through. Find these [ __ ] up trades. Oh, this is PT. Okay. So, does it look correct? 03. Yep. 01. Yep. Yep. 01 703. These aren't the same ones, bro. Way down here. Jeez. Cooked. Why are we so behind though? Are these the most recent? Give me the absolute most recent ticks for OpenAI and then I'll catch it. See if it's actually set up. Please, please, please. This moves crazy. There's no liquidity here, but I want to test to make sure that this is actually correct. your trying to talk [ __ ] going big can hear you. You big dog. You big dog. Get her. Scare away. Okay, so let's go ahead and see her. 24. Seems like it's about 5 minutes behind. Yeah, to be honest, it looks 5 minutes behind. So, just prepare me um what you tried and what I can tell the server to fix it because I got the APIs out here. Okay, thank you. Okay, I got the API site over here. Thank you. deployed mundave.comdocs. Beautiful. So the docs should have been updated by now. Mundave docs here. So um take database. No, it's under hip 3. There you go. So, that's a pretty big change. Now, that's a pretty massive change here for tick data. But aren't we going ahead and using we have all that tick data as well for crypto. How do we approach that? Which ones which symbols do we collect tick data for there and how do we do it? Do we do in the JSON way or the user pole way? I think we do it in the JSON way. But just dive into that and answer those questions. Thank you. We may want to think about doing it the B way as well if it doesn't change anything on the front end. Thank you. charts open for XYZ 100 and CL 110 both show beautifully evolving real price plus volumes XYZ's volume ramps up from near zero in October CL's volume ramps up from near zero in January February final answer to your question at one hour you a fully listed history. Okay. What I want you to do is this then. All right. I want you to go ahead and um build in our back testing folder some uh look at some of our good back test and then I want you to apply some back test to um hymns on the one hour. See if you find any simple strategies that are profitable here. try five different um agents looking at some of the things that we have in our back test folder for results and then come up with some your own ideas as well and just run autonomously until you got some things to print. Why not, dude? Why not ask? Why not ask? I mean, I got I got the AI right there. Why wouldn't I, dude? Why wouldn't I ask the most? Diagnosis complete. Moondive is systemic across all decks. Is not open AI. Here's your server handoff. Real take architecture. Here's what's actually happening. Symbol discovery here. Runs a Damon polls every 5 minutes. 185 symbols. It's already a hybrid. Nice. So the answer all the way down. The front end can switch on demand. Zero back end. Why? It doesn't feel broken like HIPP3 did expire every 60 seconds, not 10 seconds. Okay, don't migrate yet. Okay, I'm not going to migrate. Maybe later. Um, let's go ahead and give her these updates. for the HIPP3 tick data. We are having this error here where we are a few minutes behind. Please go ahead and fix that and then let me know what I should tell the AI the other server to uh let them know it's ready for let them know it's ready. Let them know it's ready. All right. For you that want to learn how to do this from zero, I'll try to multitask here. So, lock in. Lock all the way in, bro. Lock all the way in. So, this is how to get your trading bots live. I'll show you everything in order to get your trading bots live because bots don't feel and that's exactly why they win. I don't know about you, have you ever stayed up late night staring at the charts hoping your position will go your way? I know I used to do that all the time. Finally fall asleep around 6:00 a.m., wake up at 9:00 a.m. to the liquidation email. It's probably the most important thing you'll watch all year. If you are a hand trader, in the next less than less than two hours, 30 minutes, I'm going to be as fast as possible because you're going to learn one thing. You're not bad at trading. You're just human and bots don't feel. That's exactly why they went. This is a paid private room. So, you guys are actually interested in this stuff. I'm not here to entertain you. I'm chasing Jim Simons. This is a very hard game. I'm going to give you the one thing that helped me stop blowing up after so many years of trading by hand. And if you want the quick version, you should leave. If you're not fully locked here, you should leave. You're not watching every single word on this screen. Just leave now. This is not easy, but I'm going to give you the actual version that works. Stay for the whole story and you'll have everything you need because at the end of the day, you're not bad at trading. You're just human. Bots don't feel. That's exactly why they win. I got liquidated over and over and over again. I thought I just needed more money. Okay, let me get another spin. Let me get another crack at the 20 20x 30x 40x leverage. I thought that's that's how you made it. I thought that's how you were gonna make it, dude. I stayed up all night. Staring at charts, fell asleep at 6, wake up at 9. Liquidation email. I hated those. Miss family birthdays. Miss precious times with friends, dude. And the trap, dude. You know the trap. You're down bad. Okay, let's double down. Or you win a trade. I used to win trades. I feel so good. I would trade again. It's like, oh, I caught the move up. Now I'm going to catch the move down every single time. But always in a trade means you can't ever win. The market doesn't pay you for just being there. It's not like your job. This isn't a 9 to5. I'm sorry. It pays you for being correct. Being right means waiting. You have to wait. Patience, patience, patience. But humans, we hate we hate waiting. I mean, at the end of the day, you can't force yourself from stop being human, right? You're not bad at trading. You're just human. And bots don't feel. That's exactly why they win. I was having that that trouble that you may be having right now. Trading with emotions, using too much size, doubling down, taking my stop loss off, taking my take profit, moving it. And I just met a a regular dude that inspired me. He was sitting there on the couch. I was seeing a place to try to move into. He sitting on the couch. Why are you there first off? And why you got the windows open with the air conditioning on? What's all this stuff on your screen? He just a broing his tank top and he's okay smoking a joint. What the hell? Come on, dude. Put that away. Come on, bro. I'm seeing your place. I'm seeing your place. Anyways, I was like, "What are you doing, dude?" He said, "I trade a billion dollars a day." I was like, "What's all that on your screen?" He wasn't lying. I I researched him and I kind of just kind of got as much information as I could out of him, but he wasn't smarter than me. He was just using bots. He was using code and code doesn't feel, dude. Bots don't feel. That's why they win. So, it took me to meet some regular dude just like me to hear that he could trade a billion dollars. I don't need to trade a billion dollars a day. I just need to get rid of my emotions. That's what set me out on the path, dude. All right, let's see what's going on. All agents complete here. So 45% return. That's the buy and hold orb 4hour. Interesting. Orb strategies would be interesting to do here. I actually want you to go ahead and do this. I want you to look at the times that the market is closed and I want you to try to attack only those hours. So you'll have to chop up the data and see, you know, I think the day is probably going to be in UTC. chop up the data and um only trade the closed hours. Launch five agents on this test. Thank you. That could be interesting because now we can trade when others can't trade. But yeah, that dude wasn't smarter than me. He wasn't working harder than me. I was working very, very hard. He was just running code and I was scared of learning to code. So what's great for you is you don't even need to know how to code anymore. Bots don't feel. That's exactly why they win. And you've really been fighting three enemies, not just one or two. We We as hand traders are fighting three enemies. Number one, your emotions. Obviously, you're scared. Then you're greedy. Then you got FOMO. Then you're revenge trading. Every single loss you've ever taken was emotional. Every single one. I used to double down when I'd get a like a big win. Okay, great. They win. Now the market's going to change because I got out, right? No, dude. So, that's villain number one is your emotions. Obviously, that's why you've lost every trade. But villain number two, and a lot of people don't realize this, but the exchanges, they're just set up as casinos. They're just casinos. We're no different than the ladies smoking the cigarettes of the slots, dude. The 50x, 20x, 30x, 100x leverage. It it looks like it's a gift, but it's not a gift. They're not just giving you money. They know the more leverage you use, the more likely you're going to lose. It's not a gift. It's an absolute trap. They're just giving you free money. You know, they make money when you lose. So, not only are you fighting your emotions, but you're also fighting the exchanges that are set up to make you lose. And then on top of that, you got Wall Street saying, "Yeah, go ahead. Be a trader. Be a trader. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Go ahead. Use Robin Hood. Trade. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You're the fish. They're the sharks. It's just how markets work. Your losses are their profits. Yeah. Trade. You can be a trader. Oh, you definitely can't automate your trading, though. You definitely can't be quantitative." Use big words like quantitative. What the hell? Just trying to look smart, dude. They're just trying to look smart. Trying to make it so mysterious that Oh, snap. You got to go to Stanford for this or some BS like that. That guy I was telling you about. He's not smarter than me or you. He's not working harder than either of us. So, you got three villains. You're really trading against your emotions, the casinos, and Wall Street. No wonder you're losing. You're not bad at trading. You're just human. Bots don't feel. That's exactly why they win. Third closed agent here. Okay, so they're still working. I got agents up here. You heard the idea already. So, by the end of this, you'll know what to build, why emotion is the actual enemy, when to pull the trigger, and even if you've never written a line of code. We have AI now, so that problem is solved. Throw that out the door. Anybody can do this. Here's what we're covering. The five reasons humans can't beat the market manually, even the smart ones. The RBI framework. Tagging homeboy that doesn't know what the RBI framework is. Research, back test, incubate. Please write that down. How to find strategies that actually work. How to prove they'll work going forward. How to stack bots so one bad day of one bot doesn't blow you up. A lot of people think that it's about having some magical one bot. It's not about that. It's about having multiples. So no matter the environment, you can cook. How to do all of this without writing any code yourself and a live exercise if you want to have people just pay you to learn. So how much have you lost trading manually? I know I was I would lose 50 G's. I would lose 100 G's. It's just like painful. Like how long does it take to earn that type of money just to lose it overnight because you got like wideeyed and excited about, oh, Bitcoin's going up, so I'm going to use leverage. So, think about it. Even post it in the chat if you'd like. Somebody came through the other day said, "I just lost 1.2 Bitcoin." Like, damn, dude. It's a lot. Trading manually is scary. Let's see what we got here. So, all five closed agents are done. Nothing beats the baseline here. The thesis is confirmed decisively. All hours version here. When you gate these same indicators to closed hours only mean version lights up everywhere. The fade trade is the trade during dead overnight. HL flow. Okay, I want you to do the same thing, but I want you to do it opposite. So, only during market hours. Launch five agents. Try to beat the baseline. So, think about how much you've lost just manually trading. Now, add the time to it because that's the bad part. You don't get that time back. The money's going to come back, don't worry. But the time doesn't the time with your friends, family, you know that every hour you're staying in the chart, every late night, every missed dinner, every missed friend thing, every every birthday you say, "I'm just I just got to finish this up. I just got to finish setting this up. I just got to get one more trade." It's crackhead energy, bro. That's crackhead energy. So, not only is are you losing money, you're losing time that you'll never get back. Manual trading with leverage is not trading. It's a slot machine with some extra steps. The green gives you a rush. The red gives you a panic. Your brain can't tell the difference between a winning candle and a jackpot. That's just exactly like slot machines. The chart feels like a skill, but it's not. It's the same mechanics as a slot machine that powers Las Vegas and so many other cities at this point. It's just free money. It's free money for the exchanges. It's free money for the sharks. Of course, they're promoting use 30x leverage. No, no, no. Please don't. It's a slot machine. I personally would win a trade and just feel like a genius and then just open a bigger position. So, it's just like, okay, great move, Mundav. Great trade. Now, you're in a bigger position the opposite way. What the hell? Every single time, more trades does not equal more money. A bot will sit there and wait for six days for one great setup. I couldn't sit for six minutes. You're not bad at trading. You're just human. Bots don't feel. That's exactly why they went. Think about this. Would you hire a surgeon who operated while he was emotional, angry at their ex trying to make back for a bad surgery last week? Of course not. Surgeons aren't allowed to have feelings during the cut. Thank God. Trading is surgery on your money. You've been doing it angry. You've been doing it greedy. You've been doing it excited. You've been doing it scared. You've been doing it desperate. You fire a surgeon for that immediately, dude. Immediately. Why are you still the surgeon on your own account? That doesn't make too much sense, does it? And the whole like just be disciplined thing is such a lie. We only have a certain amount of willpower each day. I mean that's why you guys see me every single day in the morning cuz it's like a phone battery. It just dies. Your brain cannot stay locked on these charts for eight hours and think that you're going to make clean, clear decisions. Telling somebody to just stop being human isn't a plan. It's a slap to fail. So, hey, come learn this stuff and I'll teach you exactly how to be disciplined. Okay. You can't force yourself out of being human. You can't. Let's see. What are these? What's going on here? Um, all five RTH agents are done. Final RTH leaderboard here. Sharp 87. The two thesis split side by side. Same logic, different time gate. Combined leaderboard here. 2.67 sharp. Close BB mean reversion. Okay, so these are actually good sharps. So, um, I want you to take those top three. I want you to take those top three and then launch five agents to each iterate off those three. So, five new. Actually, keep going until you got three that beat those top three per agent. So, just cook, cook, cook, cook. Yeah, the whole like just be disciplined thing is a lie, dude. You guys think I'm super disciplined, but I'm here in the morning for a reason because it's just a phone battery. We all lose discipline over the day. And if you're trading with your real money, yeah, dude, you're not bad at trading. You're human. Boss don't feel. That's exactly why they win. Think about this. When you're doing your taxes, do you just randomly add up 47 numbers? No, dude. You use a calculator. That's not dumb to use a calculator. That's smart. If you're running a six, seven figure account with 24-hour markets and you can literally click 40x leverage with one click by hand. That doesn't make too much sense, right? Why aren't you using a calculator? A bot is a calculator for your trading account. Refusing to use one isn't tough. Those those guys that say, "Oh, you just need to be more disciplined. I'm just very disciplined. That's why I'm so good at day trading. It's not tough, dude. That's ego. Your brain isn't broken, dude. Your losses aren't because you're dumb or lazy or weak. That's the thing that sucks about trading, dude. Is some of the most ambitious people in the world are traders, but they still lose all their money because it's your brain's just not set up like that. The panic part of your brain is something that is 300,000 years old and is built to run from lions, not to trade on Binance, dude. It's literally 300,000 years old. Price drops 4%. Your body floods with panic. That's not you being weak. That's your body doing its job. Your grandparents, grandparents, grandparents lived because their brains did that. You lose money because your brain still does that. You're not bad at trading. You're just human. Bots don't feel. That's exactly why they win. So, all five iteration agents are running on the top three. And it's going to keep cooking until we're ready. I want to see what's going on with my server here. Okay, let's go ahead and see this um fix. Here's to what to tell the front end team. Direct evidence. Okay, so she said she fixed it. Let's go ahead and do the same test then. All right, let's She says she fixed it. So, go ahead and test it out. Give me the ticks here and then I'll compare them directly. Thank you. Yeah, this is fire, dude. Bots don't feel that's why they win. Every commercial plane you've ever been on is 100% autopilot. Not sure if you know that. Humans are good at big calls, but bad at staring at one thing for hours. A pilot can fly for like 20 minutes, but not 11 hours across the ocean. You're the captain now. You don't need to be the engine. You can build the system and then turn it on. Of course, you'll just handle the weird stuff, but the bot flies the plane. That's the only way. Henry Ford didn't build cars. He by hiring better humans. He didn't just hire better humans. No, he built the assembly line. The line didn't get tired. The line didn't get distracted. Didn't have a bad breakup and show up hung over on Tuesday. Your account deserves a factory, not some tired guy working overtime, 9 to5 coming back trying to trade or trading before 9 to5. Like you're tired, dude. You be a surgeon. And constant exposure leads to contamination. You watch red candles all day, the red gets in your head. Watch green candles all day, the green gets in your head. You can't stare at a live P&L and think straight. That's not your fault. That's just how your brain works. The bot doesn't get stuck in its own head. Bots don't feel. It's why they win. Let's see if this is all set up now. 154 second lag. So, let's see here. 51. So, what time is it here? Oh, it looks like it's Gucci. Let's go over to it directly, though. So, the last price I see is 5121 21. 5121. There it is. Okay. So, we're back. We're back. 15 5121 and 5115. Okay, good. We're good. We're good. That's pretty close. Let's go ahead and see what's Gucci, though, because I think I can make it better. 154 4 secondond lag is fine. I think that's fine. If you need faster, you can just call the websocket, have the websocket open, but this is more for like uh past data, right? lag across uh eight symbols here. Tesla gold BTZ verdict. Median lag active symbols slower symbols. All right. So, here's the report back on the um the the tick data and speeds. Looks like we got the HIPP3 up to date, which is awesome. I do have some concerns with some of the slower ones you can see in here. Also, on a different note, is there a tracker of which API endpoint is hit the most from the user side? I feel like having a tracker of being able to see, okay, this endpoint's being hit X times per day while this one's being hit Y times per day is super important for our side and building out this API. I'm building around myself of course, but it would be nice to know like what is everybody else using because then I can like make sure that those things are more robust and yeah some sort of like I guess ping tracker of how many times X Y or Z API endpoint. So I know these are two different things. So let's click on both. Thank you. Let's click on both of them. Okay. So, I need to update that because you can see like hype is 43 seconds behind. That's that's a long time. It's not too bad. I mean, 43 seconds is bad. It's bots on field. That's exactly why they went three years from now. Nothing changed. Your dark future. You could be sitting at Trading View at 7 a.m. Same Discord channels. Revenge trading on Sunday nights. Why am I trading on a Sunday night? up one month and then down a lot the next month. Your girl will stop asking. Your kids will stop asking why you're always on your phone at dinner. You lose another 40K. You're three years older and you're still the fish. Or you could take the bright future. You wake up, bots already traded overnight. Four trades, three wins, one small loss. Up 2.3% for the week. You close the laptop, breakfast with your kids, you don't check your phone. You make money while you sleep. Your phone isn't a leash. It's just a phone. Next cycle is the one. Next cycle is the one, bro. I promise you. I swear, bro. Next cycle. Next cycle is the one. Every cycle is the one. till you look up and there's no more cycles. Three bots, three edges. One bad week, the other two carry the curve. That's important. You may want to screenshot that now. Money while you sleep, money while you're at your daughter's recital, money while you're on the plane. It's not about having one holy grail. What if you have three that work in different environments? A lot of people don't know that. You stop being a DJ. You start being an operator. You stop telling your friends and your family, I trade crypto. And they just look at you with an awkward pause thinking, damn, he's a gambler. You going to be okay? You can start saying, "I run a few trading bots." And people will lean in. Ah, okay. That's interesting. How do you do that? Bots don't feel. That's why they win. Every winning bot I've ever built followed the same three letters. RBI, research, back test, and then incubate. Research, find an edge. Find an idea that you think might work. And then you take that idea and you have AI back test it. Prove that it worked in history in the past. Prove that it worked in the past. If it worked in the past, well, it's much more likely to work in the future. It's boring on purpose, but boring makes money and exciting loes money. So, if you want to check into the casino, click 30 40x leverage. That's exciting. But you're losing money. These aren't indicators. They're not signals. They're certified edges. An edge is a real reason that the market pays you over and over and over again. Most traders just copy a YouTube strategy or watch a couple videos and risk real money. That's not research. That is hope. Before you touch any code, before you touch any money, come up with a good idea. The chef doesn't walk in and start cooking. They taste it. They fix it. They play small versions. They know the food works before they serve a customer. Research is you te tasting the dish before you serve it to your own account. And then did it work in the past? Did it work in past history? Yes or no? If it didn't, then boom, just get it out of here. Test your idea on old data. Would it have worked? Just because it worked before doesn't mean it's going to work now. But if it never worked in the past, it won't work now. Like that's a good assumption, right? If it didn't work in the past, it won't work now. So, let's get that idea out of my head. Boom. Back testing kills bad ideas before they kill your account. Straight up. It's not guaranteed to work in the future, but get all the trash out of here before you risk any money before the eye step. Remember, it's research, back test, and then incubate. Pilots don't get their first flight hours in a 737 with 200 passengers, right? Got thousands of hours in the simulator. Crashes that nobody actually die in. Engine failures, zero real cost. Back testing is a flight simulator for your trading strategy. You're allowed to crash. The money is fake, but the lessons are real. Moon, I don't code. Maybe in 2022, 2021, maybe you need to code, but you don't need to know how code anymore. You just need to know how to type. And you don't even really need to know how to type anymore. I use Whisper Flow. I saw somebody asking about that here today. So, what do you use to talk to your AI? Whisper Flow. And then you can just talk to AI. You don't even have to type. AI writes all the code. You just write the words. If you can explain it in English, you can build it. So the whole like, I'd love to, but I don't code is an old excuse and just a copout. If you don't want to do this, you don't want to do this. Then incubate. Build a small bot. Not a demo, not paper trading, not any fake data. Real build a real bot. Like if it passes, if it's a good idea and then it it doesn't suck in the past, just test it out. Incubate it. Small size. Run the bot with 10 bucks. Run it for a couple weeks. Demos lie. Incubation doesn't. This is the real market because there's hidden costs. There's bad fills. There's slow trades. There's weird stuff that happens at 3:00 a.m. You don't see this in old data. You see them live. So after a back test looks good, before you go big, before you add more bots, go ahead and incubate small size, something that's not going to kill you. Hyperl's nice because it you can do $10 size. A restaurant doesn't open and go straight to 500 people, right? Friends and family come in 20 people. They test the kitchen, fix what breaks, then they go big. That's what you do with your bot as well. small money first, fix what breaks, then you go big. That's that's incubating your bot. So, it's RBI, research, back test, incubate. And the cool thing is is unlike trading by hand, trading by hand, you're not compounding anything. You're just losing money and losing time. It's not like I can be like, oh, last week I built this. No, but with trading bots, yes, your first bot, okay, it takes a little bit of time. Second bot's faster. Third bot's faster. Use a piece from there. It's compounded. Three bots, three different edges. They don't all lose at the same time. One one bot might have a bad month. The other two just cover it. All you need is a laptop. A little bit of AI and a laptop. Bots don't feel that's exactly why they win. But a stack of bots, that's how you sleep. not just a guy that you read about and now teaches this. I'm I'm in the trenches. I run bots all day every day and I have for years. I run a validator on Hyperlquid. That validator is something that people pay for that data. The data that you guys are using here today. A lot of you are using it at least already. I'm working on the server. I sell the data and I've got five years of daily public streams. You can watch me build every single thing I teach. And this one guy came to me and said he got out of $186,000 in debt based off of what I teach. And you can go see what he said. H Let's go to uh mundave.commonial. Go ahead and feel free to check out all these testimonials. There's like hundreds of them. It's mundave.comestimonials. That being said, there was one really cool one. I mean, they're all really cool. My bot is making money, so get the coding and stop losing. That's cool. One of my bots I set up watching you is pretty profitable thanks to you. Hands down the best decision I made. You overd delivered. Let's get to the one. Where is it? Mund has the attention of hedge fun companies copying his bots. six months that opened doors. I never thought possible. All I'm saying is I've added two zeros to the end of my balance since I started. Where is it? The boot camp is the kicking the ass that I needed. It's down here. I'm saying in front of Mundav, I'll pay the refund if you truly can't profit from this course. So, I was talking about the guy that said 186,000. Anyone in doub uh doubt, it's definitely worth anyone in doubt. It's definitely worth it. I was in doubt myself. But when I pulled the trigger, I was definitely happy I did. I was happy I did. It's not a sales pitch by any means, just a personal opinion. The boot camp put me six months ahead. mudabad.com/estimonials if you do want to check these out. But life-changing education. Where is that guy? The guy that was in 186 kid that he said his ideas was mine. Much appreciated. When your team of doctors says your seven months pass when you're projected to pass away, it kind of puts in perspective that there's people that deserve to know that I probably would have passed if it wasn't for people like you. My bots I've made from your ideas combined with mine paid off 186k of medical bills the last quarter of 2023. So, I really just got to say out of everyone I've come ever come across, you've done the most to keep me alive and out of millions in that I'll never forget that. That's beautiful. If it can work from that type of hole, probably work from wherever you're at now, right? Tons of testimonials you kind of just saw moon.comimonials. I remember that guy in the tank top uh before I met him. I thought this was just for geniuses. After I thought, if he can do it, I can do it. I want you to think the same thing now about me or the student you just saw. If they can do it, you can do this. Bots don't feel that's exactly why they win. I'm going to show you. You paid for this. I'm going to show you everything. Um, let's see here. I post this. Post this. I want to show you just a little hack here. If if you do want people to just pay you for this, um, I kind of figured this hack out by just showing everything. Uh it was very hard for me to learn this. So I was like, why not just open this up? I'm sure it's hard for other people. But then people started asking me, hey, can I back test this for them or can I code this bot out for them? So if you want to screenshot this or just write it out on your Twitter or your Facebook if you want somebody to pay you to help them build a bot or back test something so you can kind of learn with a paid client or just work with a friend. This is pretty interesting to hear that this has been working for some people. They post this on their Twitter say, "Hey, I'm learning how to build trading bots and back test with Mundave. If you if anyone has a strategy you want back tested or a bot you want built, I'm happy to help. Shoot me a DM. Could it be fire? Try it out. Post it on your Twitter, your Facebook, whatever. See where we're at this on this." So, she's cooking. Oh, she's done. Beautiful. Try this out and let me know. I think you'll have some success. Like I said, I did this early, long time ago. I just started sharing everything. Let me know in the comments if you do get like a like or anything on that. My bots run while I teach you, which is crazy. And you could actually generate a client while watching. Think about the loss numbers again or type it. The thing is is you can just go ahead and keep trading by hand for the next 12 months. And that number of losses will probably be worse. Doing nothing is not free. It's not free to just not change today. You already know it's not free. It cost you another 10K or whatever you said earlier, 20K, 50K, however much you lost, plus 12 more months of life that you don't get back. So, at this point, you know what to do. RBI, automate your trading, build trading bots. If you decide to go back to hand trading, every single liquidation you have, that's more time loss and more money, literally. So doing nothing is not free. Your account's leaking. If your roof was leaking, the cost isn't just the fix, right? It's the fix plus everything the water just keeps ruining until you fix it. The water is your emotions. Every weeks you don't every week you don't fix them, that number just gets bigger and bigger. I used to miss birthdays. I lost a friend. staring at these charts. Dude, bots don't miss dinner. Bots don't miss important dates. Bots don't feel that's why they win. And bots do not miss dinner. If I could show you how to get every single thing I've built over the last 5 years, every bot, every course, every class, every API key, every GitHub repo, the live Zoom calls, the vault, all of it for one payment for life. Would you want to see it? Let me know. If you want to see that, I'll go ahead and show you that. Let's see what's going on here. I'll give you everything that I know. Every course, every training, every class, every API key, every GitHub repo, the live Zoom calls, all of it. All five agents shipped three winners. Okay. 15 out of 15 new strategies beat their parents. Here's the cross agent leaderboard. Top five by Sharp across all iterations. Okay, so these are kind of cooking. Top five by Sharp across all iterations. 19% return but the max draw down is dirty. So while this return is not better than buying and holding the draw down definitely is crazy. All right, you can go to mundave.com/go and what's on the inside is the I will trade camp. You're going to get the algo trade camp which going to hold your hand step by step through the process of getting your trading bots live. I'll answer any questions you do have in the chat here um at the end of this, but this is the ultimate hold your hand through the process of getting your trading bots live in the algo trade camp with short and concise videos. The course that walks you through the actual RBI, the research, the back test, the incubate, so you finally stop doubling down after a win and the bot just does all the deciding for you. Everything you need to know to go from emotional hand trader to fully automated trader using trading bots is explained here. And even if you've never coded a day in your life, you'll be able to build your own trading bots by the end of the IGO trade camp. So that's the core offer here. You get the IO trade camp with short, concise videos. It's 60 days of short, concise videos. You can probably run through them much quicker than that though, probably in a couple weeks. The core boot camp is two weeks. I'll go Trade Camp will show you exactly how to build your own bots. On top of that, I give you the AI master classes because remember when I said you don't need to know how to code, this is the proof. AI codes everything for you, including this 5.37 sharp strategy here, which is I mean, it's not a lot of trades. Let's see here. 24 trades. Um, it's on the hourly, which I do like, and everyone wants to be HFT, but I'll get into all that. The Algo Trade Camp will cover all that. AI master classes will get you caught up to speed with me on how to use AI to code absolutely everything for you. This is the probably best AI course out there. On top of that, you have the Solana copybot and Sniperbot course. So, I build two different bots on Solana. So, you can see exactly how to build any bot that you want to build. I believe in teaching a man how to fish opposed to just giving him a fish. So, this was very hard for me to build, but I made it super easy for you to build on Solana, to build on Poly Market. You get the Poly Market Trading Bot course as well. Humans cannot stay calm during elections or sports. I think we both know that, but bots can. And then you get unlimited private Zoom calls. So all of these Zoom calls, you'll never have to pay for them again. If you're stuck with questions, you can bring those questions here. I'm more than happy to answer them, fix them live. You get unlimited private Zoom calls forever. This is lifetime access to everything. And then you get Quant Elite for life, which is nutty. It's nuts because I've been here for 5 years and every week we're dropping new code inside of Quantite. You can go here for the last 5 years and get a 5year head start. So this is saving five years of time probably times three because we got me and three quants here all dropping new code every single week. So back test galore. You get to see what actually works. Here's a pol bunch of polyarket stuff I dropped here. little bit of call sheet stuff. Yeah, dude. So, imagine how hard we cook each day and you get access to all that code instantly with Quant Lead. So, that's lifetime access. Plus, you get all these bonuses. You get the Mundav Vault, which has all of my streams from the past that are not available anywhere else. YouTube took them off of YouTube. They are gone. It's two terabytes of videos. So, if you want to dive deep into any old project, you can dive deep into it. In the ALGO trade camp, I make short and concise videos. The vault has all of my long stuff. You get the Mundev API key as well. So, this is hedge fundra data, $10,000 value simply because if you go try to buy liquidation data somewhere, which is one out of 50 different data sets and API calls that we have, it's going to be $900 a month. And they give you 12 days of data. We give you 18 months. Plus, you get both of my GitHub. So the trading bot GitHub, there's 100 plus bots and back tests in there that you can study. The AI agents GitHub as well. So another 20 agents, some can even help do research for you. And then you have the Mundave app that I'm using here today. It's $48,000 value. I'm not going to go ahead and charge you all that. You're not paying even 20,000 or 10,000. The price is $17.95. And what I am going to set up right now is a flash sale. So until the end of this stream, you'll have $300 off this. So instead of 1795, I'm going to make it even better. But it's only till the end of the stream. Every new course I release is yours. Every bot I release is yours. 1795 is realistically less than one bad trade. Correct. Now, I'm going to take 300 off for right now. Okay. So, let me go ahead and get all that set up. Let's go to moon.comgo. We'll go there together. Okay, you can see. Okay, boom. I set it up. So, $14.99 uh for 2 hours and I'll probably be here for those next two hours as well. So, you can check out moonundab.com/go. Here has all the testimonials if you want to look into those as well. There is a 90-day no questions asked money back guarantee. And you know, that's probably less than one bad trade. So, most of you were probably thinking about much bigger numbers than 1795 of how much you've lost in the past. And I'm not asking you to spend money you don't have. I'm just asking you to stop losing that money. 1795 is what most of you are going to lose in a bad weekend of trading. This time, instead of losing it, you convert it into a system that works while you sleep. And there's a 90-day money back guarantee. That's three full months longer than you've probably stuck with any other strategy in your life. Right? If it's not for you, just shoot me an email. It's all good. I really mean that. Quick, fast, no questions asked. 90 full days. And if you show up to the Zooms, I'm going to know you're here. You know, I'm going to know you're locked. And if you don't show up to the Zooms, that's okay. I'm going to check on you. That's for sure. That's for sure. come and check on you because I'm sure you've bought a course before and just never used it. So, if that's a worry of yours, you know, we got the Zooms every single day. There's a bit of accountability here. It's not like you're just going to slide out, buy something, and not do it. You are going to automate your trading. You do have the system now. And now you have the opportunity in order to get the training which is short and concise holding your hand through the system I taught you today. Research, back test, incubate. Research, back, test, incubate. If you don't have 1795 today, remember there are two payments of you can do a two payment option and for the rest of today's Zoom there's 300 off. So there's one payment of $14.99 for the next hour 52 and you can ask any questions you have or you can just break it into two payments of 777. Much love to you. And let's be honest, dude. We're taking the money from bad trading to investing in a new way of trading because 1,500 bucks is probably nothing compared to the last liquidation you had or the next one. Bots don't feel that's why they win. They're not going to sit there and get liquidated. If you feel like you don't have time, we're just replacing the time that you used to spend looking at the charts. How often was I looking at charts today? Not very much. I don't need to look at the charts. My bots look at data and bots don't feel. That's why they win. That's why they win. So, it's moon.com/go if you would like to take advantage of that. Got a lot to cook on here today. So, much love to you. How do I learn to do this? You can go to moonab.com/go. Timmy, oh my god, bro. So sorry, bro. That is sad. That is sad to hear. I hope you feel feel good now. We can keep moving forward. Damn. Damn. Damn. Damn. I just saw that. you were banned from BingX. I like Hyperlid. Um yeah, if you guys have questions, feel free to ask them. You have the link in the description. You know that there's a discount. Um what if the market changes? That's the opportunity. Actually, Jim Simons explains that new anomalies always appear and that's kind of the edge. It's like we want the market to change. This is a skill, not a tip. I'm teaching you I'm teaching you a skill here. So, it's good. said, "I don't code." We already talked about that. AI codes, you talk. So, as long as you can talk, like that excuse is over. Is this just just some hype? Go to my YouTube, check out the last five years of videos. Nothing is hidden. I mean, if this was hype, I would have been exposed five years ago. I'm still here because the work is real and the results are real. So, there's hundreds of people that have learned exactly what you have the opportunity to learn. They've gone from emotional hand trader to fully automated trader. Go to moonad.com/go. You can check out those testimonials as well. And remember, there's a 90-day no questions asked money back guarantee. So, you can check it out for yourself. Be an informed buyer. We've got all we've all got some expendable money. It's just like where are you going to allocate that tool? It was a tool put here in order to unlock knowledge unlock time. The only way you can get the only way you can time travel is to buy other people's knowledge or buy other people's time. For example, you have a business. Well, if you have 10 people working on the thing that one person is working on, you're buying your time back. If somebody knows something you don't know, you pay them to learn that thing, you're buying your time back. So, it's really about how valuable is your time. I would argue that everybody in here, three hours, two, three hours, however long we've been here today, that alone is worth $1,500. I mean, you're trying to run it up, right? So, you got to revalue your time. If you've been here for two, three hours thinking this stuff is cool. Like, I want to automate my trading. I want to get my own trading bots live. And then you just leave, it's like, uh, what, bro? I thought you were trying to run it up. Well, do the math there. Do the math. Like, how much do you think, how much do you want to make per year, per decade? How what's Okay, backtrack that. Divide it by 365. How many days is that? Okay, then you can work eight hours a day. I don't know about you, but my time is worth at least $1,000 an hour, and that's that's skimping myself. So, thank you for your attention today. If you've been here for two, three hours, like you've already invested this much. So, you can kind of tinker around for the next 5 years or see what's on the inside. Check it out. If it's not for you, it's not for you. There's 90day no questions asked money back guarantee. And that comes from Costco because I was buying the PS5 and she told me they would take back a half eaten hot dog. I'm like, "Okay, that's that is fire. that is fire. So if you want to think about it, think about that number you thought about you couple hours ago, maybe an hour ago. If you go back to trading, that's that's what's going to happen. That's what you're going to lose. And the doors closed in that hour and a half or whatever. I know this says Monday. I was going to teach it on Thursday. And clicking that link isn't a financial decision. It's an identity decision. Manual traders stay manual traders until something snaps them out of it. I hope today was the thing. You can close the tab and go back to trading at 7:00 a.m. tomorrow on Trading View because that's what manual traders do. Or you can just click the link tomorrow and start working on your first bot and really telling the AI how to build X, Y, or Z idea you have. You're not buying a course. You're becoming someone different. You're not the fish anymore. You're the shark. You're not playing at the casino. You're building the casino. You don't have to tell everybody you're a crypto gambler or a day trader. No, you've got a few bots running. They're going to be impressed because you're not bad at trading. You're just human. But bots don't feel and you know that now. That's why they win starting right now. You can win as well. If you have questions, let me know. Moonab.com/go. You can see it's going to be 1795 after this timer is up here. Uh I'll just let this go throughout the rest of the Zoom. And if you have questions, feel free to ask them. That's all I got for you on the teaching side. mund.com/go. Uh, I'll stay around and answer anything. You're not bad at trading. You're just human. Bots don't feel that's exactly why they win. So, I'll just go ahead and leave this here. All right. So, let's see. All five agents shipped three winners. 15 out of 15 new strategies beat their parents. Win rate 58.3% 76.9% the second one the two two stand two true standouts sh 5.37 is the highest of the entire session trick was narrowing the window from UTC to that UTC. The deepest dead zone cutting noise on both sides. BB entry touch best raw return 19% and smallest draw down. The wind was switching from wait for the crossback to fire on the touch and caught the snap one bar earlier. Cross agent patterns that consistently helped window narrow row wing. RSI agent and anchor agent both confirm this. Looser exits wider stops. Let mean mean reverting winners breathe instead of stopping out. Hide our entry thresholds. Confirmation overlays biggest sharp lift asymmetric or short only and anchor mean reverse uptrend buys makes upside deviation fades cheaper. What didn't work? Strict end of three ensemble signals never co-fire different timing long only anchor RSI too few trades trend filters killed too many setups volume filters hill hit hurt across the board ultra tight PC percentage change chewed up by normal noise is this a human talking or a robot Suggested move. The two star are uncorrelated in trigger logic. RSI extremes versus BB rejection, but both fade closed hour drift. Stack them as independent capital allocation say 50/50. Combine sharp should be over five. Since they don't coire on these same bars, RSI agent took 24 trades. BB entry agent took 13 also certainly disjoint 15 winners equal back test hims one hour iterations plus five attempts Jason showing every attempted variant Okay. Okay. Okay. This is fire. Actually, what I want you to do is um I like what you touched on there. about having the uh uncorrelated and trigger logic where we can um kind of run them on top of each other. I want you to take this approach now and use five agents to work together to build a portfolio structure of these 1 hour systems that layer on top of each other. And even if there's a low amount of trades, that's okay because let's say it's a low amount of trades with 30 trades or whatever. Um, if we have seven different systems laying on top of each other, that's going to end up in a lot of trades or more trades. You see what I'm saying? So, I want you to launch five agents in order to uh attack this ensemble. Thank you. Thank you. 3T says, "I just came to the same conclusion. BTC itself is a giant casino. Yesterday, V was all dead. BTC barely moves 50 in an hour. Then come 1 to 2 a.m. V goes through the roof. 100 moves in seconds. The only conclusion for the V is drunk people gambling on the BTC price after they come home from party. Jesus, that's so funny. Everybody Everybody not at the computer, so they [ __ ] just run it up right there and just liquidate everybody. Damn. Can I get a video of this? You can get a replay, dude. You can get a replay. I'm the Asian sauce. Appreciate you, bro. I'm an AI myself. I'm an AI. I'm an AI guy. Surely this won't work. Oh god. I mean, I guess, dude. I guess you can just say everything won't work in life and never explore. That's one way to approach it. But that's also why I stopped looking at the public chat. I was just answering any questions about the uh teaching section, but doesn't look like there's uh how do I learn this? How do I learn this? All right, so I taught it. Much love to you. Much love to you, public chat. All right. So, single source of source of truth for portfolio agents. Let's see what's going on over here. The engine is regenerated. Okay. Now, persist across rotations. What the hell? You went on some weird road here. Slow symbols that aren't slow at our end. Okay, thank you. Good, good, good. Back to this, dude. I love it. I'm back. I'm back. Can you go ahead run it back? See if uh this fixed it. Thank you. We get the keys in the chat here. Uh because I think I haven't put it in the chat in a while. So, if you're new here, thanks for coming through. Much love to you. Oh, he got double cookies. Got double cookage. Double cookage. Double cookage. I wonder what she bashing though. Oh, bash. Okay. Are we still cooking for all five agents done? Okay. Damn. 9.7 sharp. Robust six. Okay. Reference point. Okay. Stand up. Robust six. Sharp. 9.71. 1.8x is the best single strat. It's literally the sharp top sharp seven. Six winning strides here. Still 32 days of data. All right. So, I want you to go ahead and um run that basket robust 6 versus some new data sources. So, I'm going to type in some um data sources here that you should run it on. Same amount of data, you know, 32 days, whatever. uh instead of uh using robustness through length of data um I want to see it across other symbols I know yeah I want to see how it holds up so make sure to print this out in a data frame at the end thank you let's go find some stuffs that um damn. So, okay, let's say Costco. Let's say Lily. Yes, ma'am. No video WT. All right. Oil and then SP500. So launch a bunch of agents. So you can go ahead and do this with parallel and um don't optimize any essentially want to test that basket for robustness across different symbols and then print out a data frame for that. Thank you Jordy. >> Jordy, who the [ __ ] is Jordy? Oh god, it's cold, bro. It's cold as [ __ ] It's cold as [ __ ] I need to get my toes in the sand. I'm telling you, dude. I need to get back. We need to get back, shorty. We need to get back to the beach, girl. This life is too cold out here. Let's get it. Oh, let's get it. Let's get it. Let's get it. Let's get it. All right, let's see what she said here. Most things work, but there's two real issues. Here's my honest report. Still behind real time on axis symbols. No, that's okay though. 48 seconds. That's fine. That's definitely fine. Check whether the person symbol webs buffer is size. Okay, actually that's not fine. All right. Well, this is far actually. Um, okay. This is awkward, though. And then referring back to this, I need you to send me an endpoint with a super secure API key that um doesn't it shouldn't work for the whole API key for this second point because that shouldn't be for everybody. That should be for an admin. So just like give me back the secure API call for that and how to use it, parse through it, whatever. And then I'll go ahead and uh connect it to my like a visual runin admin. Thank you. Okay. So I got two things on the server there. One super sketch. Not sketch. I just can't show you the key. Super sketch for me to show you the key. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Brutal but honest results. Mundaf, here's the cross symbol. That was what I was thinking. Bada boy. That's what I was thinking. Negative sharp elsewhere, meaning it's just overfit. Mean sharp across negative. The HIM sharp was HIM specific overfitting, not a general HIP3 edge. The closed hours mean reversion thesis works only for HIMS. That makes sense. But it's only for the last 30 days, so it's also overfit on that. But I'm glad we saw that. Damn. 188 All right. You can see there's a bunch of different uh oil references here on HIPP3. I want you to see how they move together. So, first make a a graph for us humans to look at how they move together in the last uh should do those hour bars again. And how they move together. all of these different oil markets they have and then I want you to do some uh statistical analysis on on this as well like their co-integration etc and be able to tell me what their correlation truly is. I have some ideas that I might want to execute. Thank you. Thank you. Okay, so let's see what happens here. Fun is crazy. What's up? That's not real, bro. Government is not taking donations. All right, let's see what's Gucci down here. >> Four four time crazy. Thank you. Thank you very much. Gracias. Gracias. All right, let's see what she cooks up here because I'm interested in this this big old funding rate. That's big, dude. 22%. It's crazy. What's the difference between on HIP3 hyperlquid WTI oil, Brent oil, US oil, and then oil USDH? H. All right. So, hyperlquid blah blah HIP3 the hyperlquid improvement pro proposal uh blah blah blah blah blah. Okay. So CL WTI crude CL is the futures code for West Texas brand oil sea benchmark ICE traded prices 23 of the global oil WTI again listed on Dream Cash DEX Oil US on Kinetic Also, WTI under a friendlier name. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Okay. So, they're the same. They're all the same is what shorty say though analysis is done. Here's what your five HIPP3 oil actually do. Someone died. They're all pretty high. I mean, all above 90ish, besides this one, Brent oil versus US oil. Correlation on 1 hour returns. All pairs over 88% correlation. They move together tightly. Brandt is the lone outlier. macro spread. Okay, so I want to see this here. Is that 70 cents? 70%. Sorry. See what it's looking like now. Okay, so they all kind of move together besides Brent and Brent. It still moves together. A little bit different oil. Oh, look at the volume here. Okay, you can't trade that. I mean, maybe you can 57 957. Has been in trade for an hour. No, dude. It's off the list. can only really trade these two. Okay, so I should have looked at that a long time ago, but one regardless I mean, what's on the bid and ass 13 of oil $1,000 spread 9492 too. 95 Yeah, ours is this. So, it's really moving on the weekend I want to use WT oil, the one with the most data. Use the hourly data here and I use three agents to approach this idea here. Um, and then yeah, just do a through for oil first and answer just answer this question with some back test. three different agents approaching the idea a little bit differently, but essentially the idea that the weekend market for oil is all noise and it's going to revert back to the price that it closed at. Essentially the thesis that most of the actual movement in oil is during market hours just an idea approach it with three agents and answer that idea based off of the hourly data I think you should be able to get actually you know what we might have to bump it up to four hours so we can get more data. How many days can you get the hourly can you get? Cuz we need multiple weekends, right? Seven days. So, if you need to switch the phone out, go ahead and do that. But, but what? But what? But what? But what? We'll see. We'll see. We'll see. We'll see. We'll see. But what? We'll see. But what happens if he he's locked for five, 10, 15 years? >> Same the same same thing making system better and better or better. Oh god, that's different, dude. I'll get you caught up to speed with me. It's going to take you five years to catch up, but I'll be on your year 10, 15, plus a lot of smart people around me showing you what's good and what's bad. So, thank you guys. fire in the chat. Much love to 110 days, 15 to 16 weeks. Okay. I mean, that's not a lot of weeks, but you three angles return 23% 31% and 4%. Draw down 3% 21% win rate 71% statistical case n equals 15 weekends which is not enough mean drift from Friday to close plus 247 it tends to drift up on weekends The drift always round trips. Big positive drifts reverted 4.47 on average by Monday. Thesis confirmed. Weekend XYZ Seattle drift is no discovery noise. The mean reverts. Why agent A wins despite agent B's higher return. Agent B has more trades but takes 6x the draw down. Agent A is disciplined. Wait for Sunday close then fade once. Side stepubeps two failure modes. Agent B hits. Midweek news. bleeds through. When real catalyst hit Saturday or Sunday, Agent B fades them. It gets run over. AJ A waits, let the news settle, then fades whatever drift is left. What is AJ doing? Snapshot fade. One trade a weekend at Sunday close. that Sunday close is crazy though. 21 Eastern 21 21 Eastern. What time is that? 9 Yeah. not airtight for sure. So, are you saying at like uh wait wait wait 900 p p.m. 900 p p.m. Eastern on Sunday? So, the actual futures market has opened by this time, right? Cuz don't they open at like six or eight? Maybe eight. [ __ ] I don't know. Time to futures open on Sunday. Who knows? AI knows. She knows. She knows. She actually knows. Good catch. The actual times in plain English CML CL opens at 6:00 p.m. Not and close on Friday at 5:00 p.m. The agent triggers at Sunday at 5:00 p.m. You said UTC 2100. Okay. That's 1 hour before CME opens. not 9:00 p.m. I labeled the hour as UTC 2100, which is 9:00 p.m. 24-hour clock, but in UTC, not Eastern. Wi-Fi 1 hour before CME reopens after instead of after because the drift has had its full 48 hours to accumulate. I want you to go ahead and test this idea now. Like what what type of TPS and SLS are you putting in there? You see, there's many ways you can approach this last one hour drift. I think testing at least the stop-loss take profit is the first thing. How you entering? How you exiting? Well, Oh, my palm is itching, bro. My palm is itching bad. Oh god, that's a good one. Holy Ellie. Love when that happens. My My [ __ ] always itching though. It's crazy. It says it drifts up. Curious to see if that happens today. That's in a few hours. Couple hours maybe. Where did it close? Oh, it's not really drifted. All right, I want to stash this. Go ahead and make a um overview of this idea and the results of this back desk and we're just going to stash it as an MD here. I can attack this later. After you do that, I want to go ahead and do the same type of um idea but on the daily because you know there's that gap where futures are closed oil specifically in the day close like an hour. I want you to watch three agents to test something similar to that what we just did but this would be more every single day because there's an hour gap. See if there's the drift is there or if there is um any other patterns you see. Launch three agents for this. Go deep. If the drift isn't there, then check out other patterns. back test architect. I love it. I love seeing all agents that work with Sketch agents. Agents everywhere, dude. We got three agents. We got six background tasks. Works better than the weekend. Nice. All three agents complete. Two of the three agents found real edge, but they disagree on the magnitude. Mechanical fade every break. 62 trades. Monday, Wednesday, Thursday. 100% win rate. Tuesday loses. E stats deep dive trades 32 3.55 short agent D versus agent E tension agent D claims a clean fade edge sharp 6.25 25 95% base win rate with anchor TP. Agent E says the aggreate fade is noise. Both are right. Agent E shows the underlying truth. Thursday's really mean revert. So agent D's fade earns real edge. Tuesdays continue but Tuesday is the only losing day for H&D. Monday, Wednesday are noise. Agent D's 100% win rate on these days comes from mechanical setup. What to actually trade? Agent D sharper 6.25 is inflated combined with agent F's separate UTC long bias. 1 hour daily bake is not pure noise. There's a real signal hiding in DOW conditioning, but the actual sharp is probably 3 to 4.6. Agent D's mechanical setup over counts wins. Agent E's conditional rule is the honest measurement. Caveats applying to all of these only 16 events per day of week. It's not statistically significant. HIPP3. They have all trend in. How about trend in pre-launch? Mega not enough data, dude. There's not enough data. But there will be with these same princ same principles. See if there's any overlap here. They also close for an hour in a day and it's also on hyperl. Thank you. 39 days. Not very many. Let's see. Side by side CL that strategy 2.39% sharp ratio of five SP 500 only three trades daily break does not work long bias does not work weekend fade transfers with caveat but tiny He samples us. Well, theoretically I should have all that data here someday because we set up the HIPP3. We set up the HIPP3 data today. That was far. I would be interested on gold and silver. Could you go do that for gold and silver? Both of those would be super interesting. Thank you. silver, but that's pretty uh it's a tight sample overall. We can fade is brutal on medals. All right. I mean, it's interesting, but um yeah, I think I went over on time today. My bad. Let's see what time it is. 11:42 working on East Coast time. Moonab.com. I'll put the replay and everything here in the uh same page you joined on. I'll be back again tomorrow and the next day and the next day and the next day. Keep cooking. Keep cooking. Keep cooking. All right, let's go ahead here and uh let's get all that set up because you know about the mundab.comgo if you do want to join. It's got 27 minutes left here. If you have any questions, you get the trade camp, you get the AI master classes, everything on your screen, plus a bunch of bonuses, plus the API key for life. We go ahead and get this set up for tomorrow. My bad. My bad. What day is it tomorrow? It's Monday. Oh, snap. It's Monday. Nice. It's exciting, dude. That's exciting. Everybody's back in the lab. Not just Moon. Everybody else is back in the lab. You're 56. They'll never catch up. They'll never catch up. What time is it right now? Eastern. 2:45, I think it is. I think I said 11 to 2. Let's go check it out. You got this going for 25 more minutes or whatever. 112. All right, dude. Well, guess the zoom is over. I guess it's over. I'm new to the Zoom call thing. I wasn't able to get in here in time. I get a little caught up on what's happening today. I'm about to leave. I'm about to leave. That's what's happening, bro. About to get ghost. Oh, the keys and everything though. Much love to you. That was that was a