I use these six-cloud codes here in order to build me a poly market whale scanner. So, I'm able to see all of the whales and I accidentally built a crazy edge in zero DTEs today. I had a 220% return. It's not going to be typical, but hey, you know, open 4.7 is here, so I had to go ahead and compare it to others like 5. whatever on GPT. And like I said, I accidentally became the wolf of zero DTEs. So, I'm going to show you everything. This is a private zoom call that I'm showing you a replay of. So, it might not be here forever. Uh some of the backtest data I saw here today might have been overfit, but it was 5,900%. Um you can be the judge of that. There are some things with liquidations that are interesting, right? Because when somebody's getting liquidated, they don't want to actually give up that position. So, there's actually somebody who gave three really great edges in zero DTEs as well today. So, what I started to look at is, "Hey, these exchanges out there, which is the best exchange if I did want to build a zero DTE bot?" Those are zero-day options if you don't know what those are. Um essentially the most volatile, most leverage you could possibly get, the most degenerate thing you could ever build. We looked into public versus interactive brokers. One has payment for order flow, one doesn't, but one gives you a rebate and the other doesn't. So, I go ahead and dive deep and figure out figure out where I'm going to be building this bot for. And I mean, you beta a ton of bots during this. At the end of the day, the human brain just cannot comprehend compounding. So, every single day I'm building new systems, chasing Jim Simons, and I believe code is a great equalizer, so I show everything. But since the brain can't comprehend compounding, it also can't comprehend compounding with AI and actually building systems every single day I can pull from past stuff and build on to it. Trading, we're just guessing which way the prices are going to go. You can see here, I put this browser in here as well, but I'll show you everything here. Um you can select a folder, enter path, new terminal. Got a ton of cloud codes or codexes, whatever you want to use. You'll see the whole flow of how to use it, all that good stuff. Just lock in for a few minutes and I'll show you absolutely everything, I just promise. My name is Mondov. I believe code is the great equalizer, that's why I share everything on this journey while chasing Jim Simons, and I do a live Zoom damn near every single day. And again, this is a recording of that that may not be here for long. And it's just it's it's very, very beneficial to my coding flow because now it's like boom, I got this project up here, I got this project up here, I've got this project up here, I've got this script right here, and I've got them all saved. So, if I need to jump into the quant app, I just make a new window. Oh, I need the hyper liquid data layer, too. Okay, boom. I want to drag it over here. Nice. Didn't work. Sick. Sick, bro. Didn't even work. Anyways, I'm going to be adding I'm going to be adding to this. Going well, the sub agent is still running the multi data tests across all fig configured assets. When the report drops, I'll deliver the full stats. Table for every strategy times data source combo, returns, trades, win rate, max drawdown, profit factor, nothing trimmed. Standing by. We're standing by, my guy. We're standing by. I found one stale artifact. Combined CSV, some per strategy summaries still reflect the pre-size adjustment. All four remaining scripts are re-running in the background. I mean, GPT's taking a while. And she says she's she's checking in at 9:03. Let's go ahead and keep pushing her then. Let's go ahead and come up with some new ideas. I want you to go ahead and build a new folder here, and I want you to look at some of my liquidation backtest. There should be a liquidation backtest folder. And yes, okay, there's a folder of liquidation backtest. I want you to launch five different agents and look at those ones that did the best and then improve them. And just constantly improve them going in loops going in a loop until you get to 100% return per year, okay? And every time through, you have these five agents, I want you to print out the backtest stats. So, while you're working, I can see them. Go ahead and make a liquidations April folder. Use liquidations, the regular No, go ahead and have it say April 16th inside of the liquidations folder. You can see I have December 15th and December 17th, February 26th, etc. So, with each of these, the models are getting better and you just got a big upgrade, so I want you to iterate, iterate, iterate until you hit those stats. And um have a read me that you're adding the stats to. I want to see return. I want to see drawdown. I want to see sharp. I want to see sortino. I want to see um EV, which is expected value. Let's see those printed out on each iteration. So, while I'm while you have these agents running, I can see these stats printed out. Thank you. Okay, okay, okay, okay. The five agents? I don't know, dude. I'm just going to have them do everything. How about that? Let's just go ahead and give her a little folder here. You can see GPT 5.4 is done. Okay, let's send her that. She should start five agents. GitHub links all back tests are now in the main tree back test. No way did you push this to GitHub. Gosh. Gosh. Gosh. Gosh. That's okay. That's okay. Results folder here. Results folder. So, let's see here. Back test results 50-minute Bollinger Band baseline is -5.88. Optimize is 1.88 negative. Uh VWAP trend strategy -45 versus -34. Momentum breakout strategy -14 versus -11. Swing failure pattern -4.59 versus optimized -1.14. Honestly, it was less negative. It was less negative than Opus 4.7. We'll see. We'll see. We'll see. All right. So, we got agent one, agent two, agent three, agent four, agent five. One doing common plus Donchian plus liquidations. One is doing concept plus common plus liquidations. So, it's looking at some liquidation data that I have like 18 months, maybe 20 months. Back test architect is also working on this one. Interesting. Let's see a check-in. Let's do a check-in now. See how it's going. on? there any stats you can show me? I'm very excited. So, this is pretty cool that they can work for so long. You know, I know that was noted in the uh the thing. announcement and the stats that we did see. So, that's fine. Okay, agent one, agent two, agent three, agent four, agent five. We got four local agents. So, now we got five up top and down below agent isn't actively running anything yet. Let me kick them off so the stats get fast. What the hell, you? What are you doing there? What are you doing? What are you doing? All five back test launching parallel. Jesus, dude. So, all five agents are running in the background. One agent just launched a baseline at 84.5% annualized drawdown only 1.05% Lots of headroom for position sizing and scaling. You'll see the iterations in the April 16th read me. Okay, let's go see it, dude. April 16th Agent one version one. So, you can can see she is cooking. Okay, this is a better prompt. I mean, having her iterate through here like this. Let's see if we can find the read me here. sharp April 16th, let the gauntlet begin. So, return is 152% annualized 84% uh return 58% 426% here. So, Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. >> 426% 2,974%. These are cooked up by Opus 4.7. I just had them launch five parallel agents. Agent 1, Agent 2, Agent 3, Agent 4, Agent 5. All using um some custom liquidation data here. Um then also down here it looks like we got 4,543% on the momentum breakout. And we also got 5,990%. So, you know my process when it comes to algorithmic trading. I'll explain it all here. Uh these are crazy numbers by Opus 4.7. Yeah. Yo, what's up? Al here. Al here in the chat. Made it to the dark side. What's up, gang? Love to see it. Love to see it. Appreciate you coming through, bro. All right. So, you know, this is just um just data, you know? Just backtest data. And that's the thing. So, don't let don't get too excited. Don't get too excited. Especially when I run it across so many different um data sets, you know? Uh uh uh >> But she's still iterating through them. I mean, 220 The sharps are pretty low. It's my one critique. Max drawdown is pretty high. 11 out of 25 winning sources. Best sharp though, these sharps are mm. Sharp under one on all of them. You keep iterating. Please keep iterating until all sharp ratio or you get 10 sharp ratios over 1.5. Optimize for sharp however you can. Do ideas, etc. Thank you. Get five agents on this and send me back the final files in the same folder once they are there. Oh, look at this. We got a We just got what we asked. Flag agent ones numbers are certainly a compounding artifact. Okay, so. Nah. No NQ for me. What about you, Deep Sight? Are you trading mostly NQ? I should get over there eventually, but you know. Just doing the opposite. Duh. >> Nice. You got some automated stuff going now? Be curious what platform you decided to land on. I got my stuff on um Interactive Broker. Interactive Brokers. But I don't have any stuffs. Haha. This is where I learned. It's just where I learned. That's just where I learned. Look at Look at this move though. For you NQ traders. Um Look at this move. Yes, one. Holy moly, dude. That was a fake out, huh? They got you. Smoked you. Hopefully not. Hopefully you you're able to get on or not. Yes, going psycho. Um Is it that time again? Nah. I just see a lot of people talking about, you know, stocks go up only. So, God, there's just multiple ways to look at that because we are on like Crypto Twitter and Finance Twitter and we hear things early. Um but then at the same on the same hand, it's like, "Oh, everybody's talking about it." You know, it's over. But so, it's just like Nah, I'm not going to play that game. Not going to play that game. But every once in a while, I'll buy some like zero DTEs just to burn some cash or get rich as [ __ ] No, in all reality, I've been working on that idea, the zero DTE idea for couple months now. When was the MicroStrategy? 2 3 months ago? Um It's exciting. Cuz of how much movement there is. And if you could automate something like that, I feel like that's where you win. Buy the capitulations off the open or everybody's trading open range breakouts. So, if everybody's trading open range breakout, I don't know. There's just a lot of ideas and the movement is like a meme coin. So, part of the reason I'm in Crypto is because I love the volatility. I'd be curious if any of you guys are trading zero DTEs specifically algorithmically or even by hand because if you could if you're trading them by hand, then you have ideas and Got to be careful careful careful with this stuff though. It's so so disgustingly dangerous. Um Yeah, this is crazy actually. I just looked at my Robinhood. Yeah, see this isn't this isn't chill, dude. I'm up 218% on just some Oh, everybody's panicking this morning. Let me go ahead and get that because that's the idea I'm really building out and I started with MicroStrategy. It's just the capitulation. Capitulation off of the open or whatever. I think there's an idea there on zero DTEs. It's just very hard to do by hand. And now I look at my [ __ ] and I'm up 220%. I have to sell it, especially because I just told you. So, good riddance. Good riddance. Thanks for the free cars this morning. But then you start overtrading. That's why like you can't trade you can't hand trade. You can't you can't you can't. Okay, I'll put a little bit in there just to come up with ideas, but I'd be curious if anybody here is messing with the most dangerous market in the world, zero DTEs. I know some people in Puerto Rico that are obsessed with them. And they actually have a solid solid point. It's just like man, 99% of people are going to lose money if they trade options in general. But the the point is is they don't have to they can trade regulated accounts. Fully regulated accounts and get as much leverage as they want. Because I put in a zero DTE this morning and I'm up 220%. That's an hour like we talk about volatility. It's like, okay, that's plenty. I don't need 220% in a year, you know, like So, and that's just on the ES, the safest asset in the world. I just saw this this morning, bought a couple zero DTEs and it it did what you know, I was hoping it to do. That's a [ __ ] crazy move, bro. That's not this morning. If that was this morning, I'd be [ __ ] loaded, but this is this morning. But the problem is is then you get your confidence up and you're like, "Ooh, zero DTEs. I'm going to get rich off zero DTEs." And and you get smoked and lose everything. So, I would just stay away. I would stay away, but I'd be curious if there's any like zero DTE professionals out there cuz there are a couple people in Puerto Rico that keep my eye on and they're they're zero DTE professionals. Because they don't have to decide like if they want to trade crypto or if they want to trade stocks or they want to trade futures. There's more than enough leverage in zero DTEs. Now, don't go out there and trade them by hand cuz you will lose all of your money. All of it. Just be careful. Careful. Don't do it. Just trying to see if anybody out there is already doing it. If I can pull some ideas out of them cuz the only idea I have for zero DTEs is mornings like this. Or afternoons like right now. Like the only trade I would take here is the opposite. And I kind of just did that. I didn't take the trade, but I closed I closed the trade. Zero DTEs are so [ __ ] volatile and they literally end in that day. And that day is what? 6 hours away max. I don't even know now. What's noon Eastern time? It's 4 hours away. Stop it. It's dangerous. It's dangerous. But there's plenty of volatility and that's what I took away from those guys is like, yeah, that is actually plenty of volatility and you really don't need to decide what market you are going to trade anymore. If you want to go just be a zero DTE trader, you could lose all your money quickly. But if there's an edge there that a robot can capitalize on, I'm trying to sniff it out. Trying to sniff it out. That's [ __ ] crazy, dude. That's [ __ ] crazy, bro. How the hell did that happen? I looked at it this morning after I bought it, it was up like 20% in 10 minutes. I didn't think I would come back to 220%. The hell he? This is like makes me rethink everything. On the ES, dude. On the ES. You know, they're like safest asset in the world. 200 you get 220% This is what they've been they've been doing this whole time? I I understand the Wolf of Wall Street now, dude. Jesus. That's why you guys are so [ __ ] geeked. You're getting 220% by lunch? No. No. No. No. No. Don't go back down this way. Don't do it. Don't do it, Moon. Don't do it. But I got Interactive Brokers though. I've got it all set up. I can launch this in no time. Yes, I can. Don't do it, Moon. Do it. Ah, but as long as you don't touch it by hand. And I know the Greeks better than most. I don't I'm not a professional of the Greeks by any means, but I have that piece of paper that's sitting in front of my computer all day with the definitions of the Greeks. So, that's more than most. And I've always said, you know, maybe your five six are jumping the options. Cuz there is math. There is math there that you can get an edge. And um Oh, is it the time? I don't know. I don't know. 220% dude. 220% in an hour is enticing, to say the least. I have to think about it again. I have to think about it again. I'm sorry, and I really don't want to make this seem easy or anything like that. I got lucky today. Absolutely. Woke up, threw a little gamble on through Robinhood. Zero DTEs. Justified it in my mind by saying, "Oh, I'm working on a zero DTE trading bot. I was working on this a few months ago. What happened to it? Let me go ahead and see if this idea still works, but let me do it on the ES1." It's not even the ES1, it's spy options, bro. It's spy options. I keep saying ES, but I don't even know what I'm doing yet. All I know is that 220% in 2 hours is insane, but that means the opposite is the same. So, if you would have taken the other side of the trade, you would have been down 99%. Maybe not, but a lot. There are only three edges in zero DTE. Travis, do you mind if I read this out loud? I see you sent it as a private message. I'm going to read it. I'm not going to read it out loud unless you say so. Okay, there's three edges here. Thank you. Um and this is fire, dude. Thank you. I really appreciate you. There are only three edges. Position asymmetry. So, who is trapped? Who's most hedged? Who must hedge? Okay, so trapped traders, love it. Love it, bro. I love love love trading trapped traders. Um Shh. Volatility mispricing, IV versus realized intraday movement. Implied volatility versus realized intraday movement. Execution timing, seconds, minutes, not direction guessing. It's crazy how much timing is important here in the options world because you know, if I would have longed what? An hour later? Even like even on the like I said, I took my dog for a walk. I was up 30% and then I jumped on the stream. And then I just I looked at the Opus 4.7, then I was up 220% and then I got excited about it. I talked about it, so I sold it immediately. I'm out. I'm gone. I didn't short. No, I'm not going to be big-headed like that. I'm just trying to see if my the idea actually works. Look at the top of the chat. Talking about ankle weights? I was talking about ankle weights. ES going psycho. Oh, damn. You sent me an MP3, bro. I'm not downloading that, but thank you. I I and no offense. Cuz I know you're a good guy. I [ __ ] with you heavy, Fossil. I appreciate you. I'm not downloading it. I'm not downloading anything or opening anything. I know you're a good guy. I do. But somebody could have hacked you and it might not actually be you and maybe now I'm just tripping, but I got hacked too many times, dude. So, I got to lock in. No downloads for Moon Dog. No PDFs, no downloads, no nothing. Thank you. Thank you, though. I know it's well-intentioned. That show on YouTube. They should be the the the name of the YouTube video. I'll watch it. Thank you. Okay, so I do need to go ahead and say this. Oh, you know what I need to do? I need to put those together. Together, together. Cuz I made the intro at the end and the outro never. Uh, there's a lot of fun here today. I got a lot of fun in store. I got a lot of fun. I like having fun. I optimize for fun because then I'll never be done. How you so disciplined, Moon? I'm just having fun, bro. Just grateful to be here. What's up, Wishy? Good to see you. Good to see you. I got mad back testing popped out, too. Mad back test. These just keep popping up. I should put them over here. Can see mad back test. There we go. That's a profitable one. All right, so I need to put these together here. I mean, we're probably going to see me cope for the rest of the day. It's probably probably just going to keep running and I'm just going to be like [ __ ] I sold them too early. But that's the that's the game I don't want to play. I don't want to play that. I got one idea that I want to automate someday on zero DTEs when everybody capitulates one way up or down, I don't care. I'm going to take the other way every single day. Maybe not every single day. I'm going to have some math in there to decide when people were trapped. You can see a lot of volume down here meaning a lot of people were selling. Huge volume spikes. Opening range breakouts all that stuff that people are talking about if did this have a opening range breakout? No, there's no gap. But what how do you define open range breakout? Like I don't know. Here's another good example, dude. From here it gaps all the way down and then it just rails. Just rails. I don't know. What about what do you guys what are your guys's thoughts? Do you want to see any zero DTE bots here? Is that an interest of yours? Zero DTE bots throw one in the chat if that is an interest of yours. Sketches the sketches bots you could ever build. One in the chat if it is of interest of yours. I'm trying to figure out everything. Okay, so perfect. Well, you're you're you're locked in dude, so you're going to figure it out. You're going to figure it out. Let's get it. Oh, that's a good one. Dun dun dun. >> I need a bigger screen out here, guy. I got a 55-in TV at home. It's nice. I like using TVs as my um computer. And TVs are getting pretty affordable, which is nice, as well. I can't believe how TVs are getting so big. So big. Back tests are still pumping, dude. That's the thing. This is what's interesting about Opus. She's got 12, 4.7 so far. She's got 12. Back tests are just pumping. They're just pumping. Another one. Another one. Another one. But, we'll get all of the data here at the end. There's 12 background tasks. Yo, these weights are no no joke, dude. >> Please don't make me cope all day, dude. Please don't make me cope all day. Please don't make me cope all day. No, no. I'm just going to shut the charts off. I got mad [ __ ] to work on. But now I want to think about it. So, nobody wants to see the zero DTEs. That's interesting. That's cool. That's cool to know. That's cool to know. Let us see. Let us see. I mean, it is a little dangerous to show that type of stuff here because the most deadly market in the world is zero DTE. So, it is a little dangerous as well. And I'll just have to be extra disclaimer. And extra there's no plug-and-plays, gang. Like, I'm literally over here just like you and gambling. Just trying to do it with robots instead of myself. And you can see myself just got me out of a [ __ ] banger of a trade. Enters down here, then gets out up here. But that's the thing. It's like actually that's a good I was good. You took 220% win. But as a human you go through these emotions like [ __ ] dude, I could have just held it. But that's the point. That's the point. That's why 426% That's why That's why dude. That's why you got to stay away bro. That's why you got to stay away. Stay away from the charge because I won and I'm pissed. I won I won and I'm pissed. But that's just me. That's just me. No, it's not just me. It's not just me. It's not just me dude. It's all of us. Like [ __ ] dude. Could have been up 400%. But that's crazy. I want to see what those options are at. Just to just to feel the pain a little bit and see what type of volatility there truly is. Nah, I'm coping too hard right now. I'm I'm I'm I'm going to buy one put just to see if I can double double team this. And that's silly trying to be so big-headed thinking you can trade both ways. This is so dumb, but the cope is real. The cope is real Vince. This is real [ __ ] This is real [ __ ] money and I'm hot. I'm so hot. I'm literally coping so hard that I'm taking a small trade the opposite way. [ __ ] it. Skinny [ __ ] in a bucket. Cope is real. Cope is so so real. >> The hope is so so real. FOMO deep sight, yes. FOMO but this bad type of FOMO. It's bad type of FOMO because it's like big-headed FOMO. It's like, "Oh, I got out. So, the market must start going down." And then I take a I buy a put and it's like, "Well, big head, you think you can just control the market now? Just because you sold at the what you thought was the top and it kept going. Now you have to short? What the helli?" I don't know, dude. I just don't think hand trading is the way. But, if you do that's fine. Do you, bruh bruh. Do you. Do you. Do you. Step away from the charts. Step away from the charts. Step away from Robinhood. Ironically, it looks like it's going lower. Jesus, dude. Jesus. But that's the thing, up 25% in 1 second is crazy. That's the crazy thing about it. How like what type where I thought I thought this was only like a meme coin thing every, you know, 3 months every 4 years. No, but the [ __ ] on Wall Street they're literally trading things that 20% in 2 seconds. That's insane. So, I could just exit now and be up 20%. So, if I can automate the emotion out of this, stop it, dude. Don't get me over here, please. Oh, don't get me over to zero DTEs, please, please, please. I'm about to All right, Jim. I'm coming for you, baby boy. You don't I don't think you have the zero DTEs. I don't think Jim had the zero DTEs. Combine it with Polymarket? Combine it with Hyperliquid? Dude, we're going to be everywhere then. Stop it. Stop it. Stop it. Stop it. Stop it. This is going to be me and Vince. I can't I can't have this much volatility in my life. I can't. I can't be this [ __ ] goater that I'm up 31% in 2 seconds. I can't. I can't. I can't. And then when it goes back up, I'm going to be like, "Fuck this game. I should have sold my 31%." See, that's just not a It's not a good life. Move stop to break even, Moon? Deepsight, I don't even know how to do that. Sorry. I don't I don't have that capability in my bag. For a zero DTE, move the stop to break even. How do you even do that, dude? Jesus. Lord, I've sinned. I've sinned. I'm back on the Robinhood. I swear I'm coming up with a great idea. I'm coming up with a great idea, I swear. I'm going to go ahead and build it into a bot. I'm going to use Interactive Brokers. I'm going to be I'm going to be responsible about this. I promise. But please, please, please. I'm just going to sell. No, I'm going to hold it. I'm going to hold it because I made the trade. I made the trade. I'm sending this [ __ ] to zero. I'm holding this to zero. I don't even want it. God, dude. I got away from this life and I hopped in this morning, got a 220% rent win. So, now I'm just gambling all day. [ __ ] Hope has saved me, dude. Uh, he's tilted. He's tilted again. He's tilted. I'm fully tilted. Fully tilted, let's be honest. So, I need to like I think I need to leave. Think I need to go for a walk. I'm fully tilted. Jesus Christ, this is what they're trading? I'm up 43%. I'm up 43%. This is what they're trading, dude, on Wall Street? I can't believe this. This is too much. This is too much. I need to breathe. I need to go meditate. I need to go meditate. I'm not going to I'm not going to right now. I'm not going to right now. It was the ankle weights, for real, dude. I got you the links here, Stephen. Or Stefan. Steven or Stefan. Yo, how do you How do you uh decipher if it's a Steven or a Stefan? Do I just not know how to read? I think I don't know how to read. Steven, right? Anyways, nice to meet you. Literally the wolf of zero DTEs right now. How do I get this [ __ ] off my screen, though? There we go. Cuz I'm looking at ES1, it's not even what I'm trading. I'm I'm literally cooked, dude. It's not even what I'm trading. That's not it, either. I don't even know how to get there. Stocks all spy. That's through pith? I guess ES1 is pretty much the same thing, right? No, it's not, dude. SPX, baby. There we go. That's what it's called. No, it's S&P. I don't even know what I'm trading, bro. I don't even know what I'm trading. I don't even know what I'm trading. He's so cooked. It seems to move with this, though. Let me just go ahead and ask her because We got a We hit one sharp, 10 sharp. Over 1.5, beautiful. So, and we still got some running. Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful. Nice stuff. Good stuff. Good show. Let's get the [ __ ] off GPT. I'm sorry. 1.7 all day. Oh, [ __ ] That one went straight up. I'm doing zero DTEs on the S&P. The Spider S&P 500 ETF Trust. Just gambling. Pure gambling. Don't do this at home. Yo, so how do I pull up on TradingView to the SPDR S&P 500 ETF Trust options? Is that a possible thing? How do you do that? Cuz that would be cool to see. You're welcome. Here's the short answer, TradeView has limited SPY. You mean SPY? Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, I mean So, SPY here Oh, it's right in front of your face. Yeah, you're just [ __ ] [ __ ] dude. Okay, so since I'm the wolf of zero DTEs now, I purchased down here this morning and I sold and shorted up here. So, you know it's time to sell again. Time to sell again. Up 40%. It's time to sell again. Oh my god, can I figure out how to move it to break even? I'm going to try that. I'm going to try that cuz I feel like that is a really good idea. I think that was Deep Sight. Thank you. I think it was Deep Sight. Um and if it wasn't, thank you as well. Thank you all. I'm going to try to figure out here on Robinhood how to move it to BE. Move this chart. So, um Let's get the 5-minute here. How do you look at the actual option, though, is the question. Not literal? Because the option price is unstable and decays constantly. Ah, yeah, dude. Thank you, Travis. That makes a lot of sense, actually. So, I need a on Okay, that makes a lot of sense. Thank you, dude. So, I just need to make sure that my stop is the price that I bought it for. Thank you. So, what I bought these hoes for? The 416s, I bought them at 64 cents and they're at [ __ ] 94 cents now. That type of volatility just like makes my sphincter shrivel. I'm at I'm up 60%, bro. I'm up 60%. Can you teach me options? Can you teach us all options, bro? I'm going to put a sell in here. I'm going to say, um How do I do that? Got to put here, trade, sell. Limit order, stop loss, market stop market, okay. And what did I say that was at? I think I said like 65 cents. Let me put it at like 72. Okay. And then I'll just sell them. Okay, trade." So, I put it at 72 cents. Um zero of two contracts sold. I only bought two contracts. I only put like a couple hundred bucks in, but my mornings mornings I'd made a good amount, like a good little amount, a good little amount. This was just a little copium trade. Little copium trade. If I got out, the market must turn now because I'm the goat of zero DTEs, also formerly known as the goat of Solana, also formerly known as the goat of Holly market, also formerly known as Muda with ankle weights and 15 pounders here. I know it's kind of light work with the 15 pounds, but shorty only have 15 pounds. So, I'm over here doing some bicep curls, learning how to trade zero DTE options so I can lose every single dollar that I have in that options account because I'll get to a point where dude, I'll have bots cooking for me and then one day I'll be like, "Ooh, I know better." So, be careful. Got to get out of Robinhood ASAP. Only reason I'm using Robinhood is because Coinbase cut me off. I don't know why. Oh, actually, I need to go to my bank and put my middle name on the thing now. All of a sudden after 14, 15 years. I don't know. It's probably been at least 10. Coinbase is crazy, bro. And Robinhood it makes it really nice to just onboard the USDC. All right. I think Travis dropped some sauce here today. So, big shout out to Travis. Thank you. Just getting a couple shrugs in like 15, you know, nothing's nothing good. It's not going to do anything for me. Just get a couple light 15 pound shrugs. Damn, I'm showing the key on the screen. [ __ ] me. [ __ ] me. [ __ ] me. But watch this. SSH moon No, no. SSH H O No. Oh, [ __ ] [ __ ] going to reverse all the way? [ __ ] greedy ass bulls. Greedy bulls. Now you start talking [ __ ] When you start talking [ __ ] you got to go. You have to go. I'm up 217% again. I'm out. I'm out. I'm out. I'm out. I'm out. I'm not playing this [ __ ] game by hand ever again. 217% on that candle. 203 now. Missed my Okay, now I'm getting [ __ ] up. Jesus Christ, dude. Yeah, this is too much. It's too much. This is too much. It's too much. Too much. Too much. Now I can't get out because I'm only up 181% now. [ __ ] pig, dude. You're a [ __ ] pig. Get up out of here. 165% Actual greedy pig. But this is the thing. This is the thing. I can't believe in three bars you can make 100%. I can't believe that. I can't believe that. I can't believe this is legal. And they just made the PDT rule. They're like, "Okay, yeah, y'all can get smoked, too." Come on. Come over here to zero DTs and get absolutely smoked cuz you're going to see the green bars and you're going to buy some zero DTs up. And then smoke you down. This is crazy. I'm going to get out of these because I'm up 164% and I'm getting nervous now. No, no, no. I don't need to get out. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'll let this reverse all the way. I'll let it reverse all the way. I've already got my stop there. Maybe I'm going to increase my stop. Yeah, yeah, do that. Locking a little more profit. I got in at 64 cents and current price is 153. I got to stop at .72. I want to change that [ __ ] I'm locking a little more gains because remember this one's not real. This was not a real trade. This was a copium trade. But that's real cash. That's the thing. That's the problem. Doesn't feel real right now, but it's real cash. Dude. I don't know how you hand traders do it. I really don't. I don't get it. How do you do this every single day and call this a job? This ain't a [ __ ] job. This is gambling. 100% 182%. This is gambling, bro. I'm changing my stop to 105. That locks in almost a double, but I should lock in a double. Yes, 100% dude in 4 minutes. When you're roasting yourself. Jesus, dude. I think I'm a zero DTE trader now. No, I'm not, but you know what I'm saying. Duh. All right, so what would be the path to getting this done? Robinhood is cooked. They don't have an API. It's [ __ ] up, honestly. Should tell you everything. >> What's zero DTE? Look at that candle. All good, thank you. If you try this setup, set stop at entry price on the contract, you'll get chopped to death. Yo, that's a That's a lifetime tip you just gave me, dude. I understand it exactly now because I understand how [ __ ] decays. But [ __ ] dude, that makes it so much simpler. Every track is 12 cents, dude. Thank you. I appreciate you dropping 12 cents on me, dude. That's fire. Thank you, Fossil. Much love to you. Um if you if you've been working on a zero DTE bot, I I think I'm going to get stopped out here. I think I'm going to get stopped out. But whatever 64 cents to 102 is, that's fine with me, especially on a copium trade. And I appreciate you, Travis. Thank you, dude. With zero DTEs, it's the sketchiest market in the world. Okay, this is going to be embarrassing for them, but not me. Hey, can you go to public.com/docs? Um I need you to go ahead and tell me what the fees are compared and compare them to Interactive Brokers. I'm connected algorithmically to Interactive Brokers, and my fastest path to trading on Interactive Brokers, you can already I it inside of the GitHub. We already have all the [ __ ] bit out, so I don't need to do anything new. So, obviously I'd use Interactive Brokers. That being said, Public did sponsor me one time, and I did learn a lot about their [ __ ] so [ __ ] maybe the sponsorship will work. We'll see. Let's give them a shot. Compare the fees on zero DTEs. I'm okay with rebuilding for the platform. It's not going to take that long with AI, but if it's not better fees than Interactive Brokers, I'll just go stay with Interactive Brokers. [ __ ] boomers though, like boom boom boom. It is It's not It's not It's It's not nice to use. Also, talk about that a little bit because Interactive Brokers, you got to have like the uh exchange running, and it's just like It's kind of sketch. It's not sketch, it's just annoying. So, look into that as well. Is Public just through the API key? Thank you. So, I'm looking at price and ease of use. So, obviously Public's inherently more hard for me to use cuz I have to rebuild everything. You see the Interactive Brokers folder there, so but if the price is right, I know they're doing some sort of rebates as well. So, that could be something cool. Compare those rebates Interactive Brokers as well. Thank you. 4.7 opens 4.7. Let's get some [ __ ] Let's get some other [ __ ] uh I'm going to do some curls. Yeah, I'm going to do some curls. Curls for the girls, baby. Curls for the girls, baby. Let me see me shining in here. I see you ladies, the king of zero DTEs. Yes. Stop it, dude. Stop it. Don't get me started on these zero DTEs again. I actually think I'm going to disable them from my account now. Yes, I'm going to do that right now. I'm going to disable zero DTEs from my Robinhood account because I'm clearly tilted. And Uh, still a goat, but clearly tilted. Disable those [ __ ] What we sitting at? 126? So, I'm only at 96% now. [ __ ] up. 104% now. [ __ ] up. Could have sold, and I didn't. I didn't sell. Now I'm pissed. Haha. Okay, so zero DTEs are sketch, but let's see where it's going to be sketchier to trade them at. Okay, so she's looking through the um public. I hope she's looking at the right public. Public commission is zero. Okay. Her limit order, none. Her order minimum? Regulatory fees, same. Exchange routing including added. Rebate to you is .06. Net per contract is .04. Oh, [ __ ] Okay. That's a good A. I I applaud Public to that. That was a good ad. They sponsored the channel. I did that one deep dive on Public. Now I'm aware of Public. You're also aware of Public. Um and now I want to do zero DTEs. They got me with their ad. That's funny, bro. That's funny. You know I don't work with many companies at all, and they're all DM me asking for free exposure and [ __ ] Every once in a while I'll take somebody on. Um Public was one of them. Oh, first one of the year, actually. So, it only if it makes sense. Like Public, I've always been interested in it because Robinhood doesn't have an API, and that's [ __ ] up. That's [ __ ] up. That's telling you you're actually Robinhood, dude. You want us to get rinsed. If you don't give us an API, you want us to get rinsed. You don't want us to escape. It's [ __ ] up, so. But anyways, good job to them. Good job to them. Rebate to you. And I'm not saying this any exchange is good, dude. Like rebate to you. Yeah, rebate to you because you're about to get smoked if you trade options. You're about to lose all your money if you trade options. So you can have this 6 to 18 cents every trade. No worries. We'll take the rest elsewhere. Commission is a zero, so I think they're pretty much paying people to come use their platform. Public's rebate tiers here. Tier one is 6 cents, 10 cents, 14 cents. Cash for you API routed contracts and all spy, QQQ, IWMs where zero DTE flow lives are capped. API routed contracts and all trades on spy, QQQ where zero DTE flow lives are capped. Tiers one to three get 6 cents. Tiers still positive, but you don't hit the 18 cents. It's free. So they're capped. Okay, so all trades are capped on tier two. 10 cents. That's fine. I'm not here for the rebates. I'm really interested in ease of use. If it's an API key, that's so much better than Interactive Brokers because that was trash. Zero DTE specifically, no special carve outs. For against zero DTE is treated like any other options contract just under spy, QQQ adjusted rebates when trading IBKR rebates for options IBKR basically does not offer liquidity rebates to retail. The path through vent pass through venue rebate they advertise applies to stocks. Monthly math on 10K contracts. Public API $1,000 of income. IBKR is negative $6,500. Holy [ __ ] Excuse my French, dude. That's a lot. That's a big difference. It's a big difference, bro. Okay, but what's the routing? How's the fill quality? I don't know, dude. It's a really good idea. It's a really good question. If you got questions about this, please let me know. Cuz I don't know anything about zero DTEs. Well, I know I know that there's a [ __ ] ton of leverage. And I know I'm the goat. Like I know those two things, but other than that, I don't know anything. So, please. That was a great question from the public chat. Fire in the public chat today, okay? Trade ear sucks as a platform. Charles Schwab is a a dollar 20. Do WeBull API 14 cents per contract. Trade locker. I'm not even We I don't even like TradingView. I'm not going to switch to a different new TradingView. Shh. I think looking at the charts is a sketch, dude. Such a perfect example of why we need algos. Been working on some Thinkorswim and Pine Script for WeBull zero DTEs for quite some time. Thank you for putting me on another level. Yo, my pleasure. Thank you for your questions and your answers, dude. Dude, I mean, you guys' questions make me think. Your short is about to kill it. Let's see, dude. I know I won that short already, so I'm Gucci. It doesn't really matter if it goes up or down from here. I think I got a nice little gain, so I'm going to chill with that. Be happy. But, I'm done. I'm done trading this idea. Up 98%. I'm done trading this idea for now. I got in at 64 cents and the current price is 129. So, I might actually up my um I should just get out right now. Nah, I'm just going to let it ride. I'm going to let it ride, but I've already set my stop loss to a dollar five, was it? Place. Dollar five, yeah. Wow. Think twice. Think the same things over and over again. Boom. Clean. Clean sharp. Like it. Clean sharp. Any other questions you guys have about zero DTEs on public because um that sounds interesting. Compare these two. I mean, if we're saving $7,500 per month on public, like where are they getting paid at? Where's that money coming from, you know? Very good question. [ __ ] yeah. Thank you. It's a good question, dude. I'm going to grab a little bit of water. Water. >> You know what the L is going to be with these [ __ ] weights right here, dude? I'm going to stub my toe and I'm actually going to cry on stream. You know that's going to happen, right? I'm going to kick one of these [ __ ] and I'll be in tears cuz that hurts so bad. Okay, here's where the money comes from and what you actually trade off. The money source, PFOF. Public's rebate literally is a payment for order flow kickback to you. The chain, you send the zero DT call order via Public's API. Public routes it through a wholesale like Citadel. These firms paid 1.1.9 to US brokers in Q1, most of it for options. The wholesaler internalizes your data, they fill it themselves capturing the spread. They pay Public 30 cents to 50 cents per contract for the flow. Public keeps a slice, passes you 6 to 18 cents. For equities, Public actually forewent PFOF, payment for order flow. They route through Apex. For options specifically, PFOF is huge. Roughly 10x more per contract than equity PFOF, which is why they can rebate options but not stocks. IBKR does not take PFOF. Instead, they smart route to whichever venue has the best displayed price across exchanges plus dark pools. That's why you pay commissions. No wholesaler is subsidizing your trade. So, where's the 7.5k per month coming from? Your spread. Wholesalers make money filling you inside their the NBBO, but not as deep inside as they could. The missing pennies per contract are hidden cost of PFOF. Rough math for liquid zero DTEs, spy at 1 cent spread on a mid quote fill, you'd save .005 per contract. Wholesaler typically gives .002 to .004 price improvement, but keeps .003 to .008. Effective slippage versus IBKR is 10 to 30 cents per contract. At 10,000 per contract, public rebates is $1,000. Public hidden slippage versus IBR is 1,000 to 3,000. IBR commissions is 6,500. IBKR better fills is 1,000. Realistic net delta, public still wins. But by 2 to 5K instead of 7.5. Still real money, just not as dramatic as the raw commission comparison suggests. Fill quality head-to-head. Price improvement, decent wholesalers required to beat NBBO. Smaller relative speed, good. Okay. Important for zero DTE, the fill quality gap narrows on liquid spy because wholesalers love that flow and hard and compete hard. Would not actually don't commit either way on theory. Build a minimal public integration a few days with AI. Paper trade your strategy for 2 weeks and log effective fill versus mid on every contract. That's the real number. Run both in parallel for a month on live small size. Your IBKR code is already there. Stand public up alongside and route half each way. Whichever has a better net P&L, not gross, wins. Push your sponsor contract. Sponsor contact. Ask for a custom tier. You can absolutely bump it up to 0.14. Mhm. Concern to be honest about if your strategy of latency feels sensitive, scalping zero DTEs into moves, IBKR is likely the right tool and commission is part of the cost of doing business. If your strategy tolerates one to two ticks of slippage, longer hold times, wider grabs, the instinct to ask where is the money coming from is correct. Okay, tell me based off of your your best analysis of this, if I had to pick just one, which one would I go with? I understand the sec- this will be my second test though of which one is technically more profitable because I I have to build both of them, you know? I got the basics of the code with Interactive Brokers, but I don't have the actual bot, so I'm not doing paper trading. And the way I'll do it is I have an idea I want to start executing and want to get that live ASAP. Then secondly, I'll go ahead and test them against each other. That's just more infrastructure work though. So, if you had to pick just one, which would it be and why? Okay, so this is also wild to me that it took this long to get up 200% from here to here. Oh, it's the time decay, huh? But then it took this long to get up 200% and it's the uh length of bars, huh? Okay. So, that's interesting for this idea. I'm still in this position, dude. I'm still in it. I'm over 171% now. But, you see how I was up 200, but I guess it did go lower though. It did go lower. Just that time decay really changes how you trade these. I think a big bar is more valuable than a slow bar. Of course, yeah. But, in real stocks or crypto I don't know. I think Snap has their earnings tonight by the way. I'm curious to see what happens there. No. Not even close. It's May 6th, bro. Jesus. SPX I doubt hope. It's the same thing though, right? No, that's not it, dude. SPX is not what I'm trading. Spy. It's my new my new symbol. Damn, dude. This is the top. This is the top. I'm shorting only. I'm shorting only. Obviously not, but that's the thing. And back to what those homeboys said, you don't have to decide what market you're trading because you're going to get up and down e- every single day with zero DTEs. So, it's like takes the decision out of like, what am I going to trade? I'm going to trade zero DTEs. Or weeklies, if you want to like get to a more specific token. Like the Amazon token or the Snap token. All right, so it's interesting. Let's see what she said because one call public, okay. If I had to pick one, you want to live ASAP, it's public. Here's why time to live rest plus bear token is hours, not days. The new bot can make live trades tomorrow. IBKR? Rest plus bear token is hours, not days. Does public accept USDC? And then also look into that PDT rule, when does that go into effect? The new one, dude. Cuz that would be dope to just test this with smaller size. Throw a thousand bucks in there. When does this go into effect? The one that allows under 25k PDT. If it works, I can scale it. But I want to incubate That's the one thing about I guess you just need that much in your account. You don't necessarily need to trade it. Yeah, so that's fine as well. It's fine as well. We'll see, dude. We'll see. You run them all on Astor. Dope, dude. Keep bringing that fire. Thank you, bro. Let's get it, dude. Keep coming, Travis. Keep coming back. Let's get it. Get it, bro. I'm going to do some shoulder presses with these [ __ ] ass 15 pounders. Why not? Why not? I'm going to do some [ __ ] front squats with these [ __ ] ass 15 pounders. Why not? Why not get some front squats in here? Throw them up over your shoulders. Yeah, I got the ankle weights on still. Ankle weights make me some type of type of zero DT god though. Jesus. Yo, 215s on your shoulders is not nothing. It's not nothing. I usually flip 250s on my shoulders, but if you do enough, 215s is it's not nothing. My legs aren't not sore. Dude, you live in Idaho, bro? That's cool. Northwest cot. Northwest. I'm from the Northwest as well, so that's cool. I know you're a vibe. Doing some front raises right now. Side to side. What's up, girl? Okay. Ah, man. Let's get it. I've saved your information as well. Thank you, Travis. Appreciate you coming through. Ah, wow, dude. Wow. Okay, so I'm going to keep working on this. But I do have something I kind of promised in the email, so I'm going to work on that as well. >> Yo, the trackpad is actually trash. Trash product. Burn it, Apple. It's trash. It's fun until it sucks. Sucks. It's sucking for me right now. The thing I also like about zero DTEs so far is every single day, if not every single few hours, is a new day. It's like a new trend. So, like if I really wanted to get crazy with it, I could buy a a law a call right here. I could buy a call right here and I could just trade this all day. You can get as crazy as you want, but I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to I'm not going to get into this routine of trading this stuff by hand. I have a couple good ideas and I want to execute them in the market and just see what happens, You know, because the worst case scenario, the way I look at it is I'll have the infrastructure set up that somebody smarter than me can use the go make a billion dollars with. Worst case scenario. Worst case scenario. And that's fire. That's fire. That's why I do this stuff, dude. I'm not the smartest, I'm not the sharpest. I'm just here. Just locked. I'm having fun. I optimize for fun. If you optimize for fun, you'll never be done. I'm just playing a video game. Thank you, Claude. Thank you, Anthropic. Thank you, Open AI. Just grateful, dude. Two answers. USDC at Public? No. All right. Well, so it's going to take some time to get some cash in the public then. Um, I don't want to use uh Interactive Brokers for the USDC transfer cuz it's a rip-off. But, um Does Public have a paper trading for the meantime on zero DTE specifically? Cuz maybe I can just go get wrecked paper trading zero DTEs real quick and then I never have to never even have to put money in there. I don't know. Is zero DTE good if I want to use the Astro Decks? Has no There's no correlation. They don't think they have zero DTEs. Zero DTEs is a type of um option. And options are usually in the regular stock market. So, Astro is uh what's called a perpetual exchange. A purple perp perp decks. Perpetual It's just a different type of leverage. It's all leverage, but zero DTE is more leverage. But, [ __ ] You're on Astro Deck, so I know that a [ __ ] ton over there, too. So, I don't know, gang. Let's see what that trade is looking like. Did it casual 240%? Twice in one day, that's 500%. Why are we trade crypto? Why are we crypto traders? Why are we crypto traders? Telegram, appreciate you, bro. Got to dig much love, much love. 777, dude. Good to meet you. If you're making money with you on six random bots that you just built today, that's [ __ ] fire. I would be grateful. You do literally deployed six today and you're making money, that's fire. It's a much tougher game than that. Six? Six for six or I mean as a ensemble they're cooking? That's fire. That's fire. All right, so I want to get into what I said I was going to build. I sent an email what I was going to build today, but then Opus 4.7 was dropped. >> Only one that you thought was making money you found in the quant strategies in Discord. That's fire, dude. I'm happy that you're using that. Think it's a very good resource that's heavily slept on. Heavily heavily slept on because the process I teach of automated trading is this. And you guys know this by now. Research new ideas, backtest to see if they work, and then incubate them. Where do you find these? Well, Google Scholar has PhDs and other traders writing about it. So, I hired a team of quants years ago to read those papers for me and then turn them into short concise strategies. And what she said his strategy that's working is from here. So, I think a lot of people sleep on this, including myself. Whenever I have an idea though and I can't think of an idea to work on, these are already distilled from like very hard math sometimes. And we've been doing this for years. So, there's unlimited strategies you get access to when you're in the member section. That's crazy. And then we take it a step further and we actually code it out for you as well. Now, this is research and back test. So, it's not like a plug and play make a million dollars overnight. You're going to have to interpret how you interpret it and then build it into your own bots with your own strategies, but that's the whole point. Just get you a little bit of a boost, dude. I have big bit of boo- boost, dude. There's 300 plus bots and back tests. There's probably 500 strategies. Yeah, so I'm glad you're cooking, bro. I'm glad you're cooking. I'm glad you are cooking. Let's see what they're saying about the um this. No, it does not offer paper trading or an API sandbox. Not for options. Not for zero DTs. Not for anything. Really? All right, well, I think this is where I always churn. When it comes to zero DTEs, it's I got to use a boomer platform like Interactive Brokers. Where are the trap traders right now? Is the question. I don't know. I don't know if the trap traders are here or here. I know a lot of people went long here. But a lot of people went long here, too. See that big volume bar. I don't know. Where Where do you think the trap tape traders are? Do you think the trap traders are up here or down here? I do want to do that poly market idea I was mentioning if you saw the email. >> Oh my man, dude. This is too much volatility for me. 253% is crazy, bro. It's crazy. It's crazy work. >> That's a good one, Wizje. That's why we all lock in. You know? Feed off each other. 777 for sure. Big 777. >> On the road doing shows. >> Uh >> Why didn't you answer? Because I don't talk to the public, bro. The [ __ ] goat of zero DTEs. You think I'm going to talk to the public chat? No way. I'm literally the wolf of zero DTEs. What's up, Sebastian? How you doing, bro? I also don't respond because I don't know what the [ __ ] you're saying in the Russian stuff, dude. Much love to Russians, though. I love you. Much love. 777. I just don't I just can't I just can't read the I just can't read the language yet. Um so, the wolf of zero DTEs is up 250%. I wanted your bots, but I'm too broke. Well, broke is a mindset. So, let's lock in, bro. You ain't broke. You can have anything in this world that any other man or woman can have. You can even do things that other people haven't done yet because you heard about the 4-minute mile before? Well, they said it was physically impossible to run a 4-minute mile until Mr. Bannister ran it. And then after that, 2 weeks later, six other people ran it. Now we got high the 4-minute mile. You can do anything, dude. I get you, but okay, I'm not trying to help anybody here, dude. This is all in my mind. Much love to you. I hope I hope you can close your eyes and get to where you want to go. Just takes time, bro. We've all had bank account zero. Let's get it. Much love. Okay, I did ask them directly if I can go ahead and get USDC up in that [ __ ] Let's get it. I love it, dude. Yes. Wolf. Let's get it. YOLO zero DTEs. I better get out of them. Cuz now we got people [ __ ] making pictures of me. I appreciate it. But as I am now certified the wolf of zero DTEs, I'm going to sell. And maybe it's a panic sell, but I don't care. No, no, no, it's good. It's good. It's good. It's good because where now we're all recognizing I'm the the goat of zero DTEs. And now I'm going to get wrecked. So, I'm just Actually, I don't even need to sell. I'm just going to adjust that stop loss, take a little bit more cash. I'm going to adjust it to 1.3. And that is a certified double. Okay? So, if it gets there, it gets there. I I doubled up. I doubled up on a copium trade. A copium trade because I got in down here this morning and up here I exited. Then I was like, "Fuck, since I exited, the market has to go the other way because I'm the the wolf of zero DTEs, so let me go ahead and buy some puts as well. 250%, 200%. Holy hellie, this is what they're trading in New York." That's insane. I see why they're doing all the yay. I get it. I'm just sipping coffee, minding my business. Just minding my business. I do want to attack this real quick because I know the um I've got this Polymarket idea I would like to execute. Okay, so let me just go ahead and execute it. So, um Let's see here. How do we execute this? How do we execute it? How do we even execute it? Shit's bananas, bro. Yes, please do. Thank you. Much love to you. Thanks for checking in. Shit's bananas. 250% to 250% is the definition of bananas. I'm going to jump into this uh Polymarket thing real quick. So, let's get it. So, Opus 4.7 just was released and I've been building a lot of bots for Polymarket. So, I want to go ahead and apply Opus 4.7 to a new idea I have and I will tell you that idea immediately. So, if you're already an algorithmic trader, you already know how to remove your emotions and automate your trading, then you can go ahead and take the idea and probably beat me to it. Well, maybe not because by the end of this I'll already have it up. But at the end of the day, Opus 4.7 is here and as the models get better, my system should get better. At least the system of me coding new ideas should get better. So, let's just go ahead and test it out. You can see all the benchmarks. It's better and better. The human brain cannot comprehend compound interest or compound intelligence. So, let's go over to the Polymarket bot. My name is Moon Dab. I believe code's great equalizer. That's the only reason I'm crazy enough to share all this information. I believe if you learn how to code, you won't have to listen to anybody for the rest of your life. You can just build the ideas that you want to build. So, I'll show you everything here. Even if I leak ads and the idea that I have today is this one. Look at moondab.com/docs here. You can see that we get Polymarket whales. So, what I want you to do is I want you to go ahead and first off make a file that spits out all of the Polymarket whales based off of the Moon Dab API/docs. And from there, I'm going to go ahead and sort them out. I want you then go ahead and build. So, first build that. Print out the path to that so I can run it on different terminal and I'll start then sorting through those whales. Make sure that print out has the full link to their Polymarket so I can click them. And then, while I'm looking through them, I want you to go ahead and build a bot out that essentially is like our sneak bid bots. We have sneak bid bots for the no markets, for tennis, etc., etc. I want you to use the same type of methodology there where it's like, okay, the variable says -4 at 40% so that means we're bidding at 30%. Now, what you're going to do is you're going to have room for a list, a list of these wallets to track, these whales to track. The reason I want you to run that script first is because on the right side I'm going to run this terminal and I'm going to go through those whales by hand and filter some of them out. I don't want to follow all of them. I'll give you the final list here that you can add to that bot that you're building. And essentially, it's going to look at all of their new positions. Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. This is different, actually. It's going to look at all of their current positions. It's going to look at their current positions, and that's where we're going to pick from. We'll just use um $5 size for now. If I give you 10 wallets back, 10 whales back, those are are our positions we will take, but we're going to sit there on the bid of whatever side that they picked at X% discount. So, we're stink bidding whales at the end of the day. Okay, thank you. Go ahead and send me back that uh scanner first, and then I'll go ahead and um run it, and I'll send you back the actual wallets to use. But, for now, I'll just pick five of them randomly, and then I'll uh yeah, go ahead. Thanks. All right, cloud 4.7, can you cook based off of that ramble jambo amble? We'll see. We'll see. We'll see. We'll see. That's the idea that I had today. Um that's what I wanted to do. That's what I wanted to do, but then I had to go out and test 4.7. Oh, and then I became the wolf of zero DTEs. And then I I'm up 200% on my zero TTEs this morning. That was crazy. So, then I had to look into the public API again because they said they were going to have a rebate for that. I don't know. I just come here and I code everything. I share everything because I believe code's a great equalizer, and you guys are way smarter than me. So, every time I share an idea with you, it seems that I get two, three ideas back. So, that's a fair trade to me. I was scared of learning how to code. I really was. I spent 10 years in tech scared having to hire people. I spent hundreds of thousands of dollars, if not millions, off Upwork paying developers to build apps and whatnot. I bought a course when I was a kid. They showed me how to build apps using Upwork, and I ran it up. I bought that guy's knowledge because he knew something I didn't know. I took a risk, yes. But then I made it happen off of his knowledge. I built my own systems and what it taught me after 10 plus years, well, if I get into an industry like algorithmic trading where everything is so secretive, I must learn how to code. Number one, because there's going to be too many iterations in order to pay somebody on Upwork. You think a iPhone app has a lot of iterations? Yeah, there's going to be more iterations here with algorithmic trading. If you want to remove the most dangerous thing in your trading, which is emotions, well, it's going to be hard work. Jim Simons ran up a net worth of $31 billion, though. And I've heard about the 4-minute mile, you know. That was physically impossible before, but then somebody did it and then 15 other people did it in the next 2 weeks. Now you got high schoolers doing it. You can do anything. I see another man do something, I can do it, too. I locked in a few years ago, learned how to code by hand. I was crushing by hand. And then they dropped ChatGPT on your head. Boom. Oh, now he's just an AI coder. I got called that for 2, 3 years. Same guys, those Gilfoyles, they're like, you know about Claude code? You heard of it? It's sick. Now we're on Opus 4.7. And it's going to be 4.8 soon, 4.9, then 5. Then 6. I'm just curious to see if this thesis plays out. If I keep giving you guys absolutely everything I know about automated trading and how to go from emotional hand trader to fully automated trader that's not dealing with any in-game emotions. If I share everything with you, can I catch up to Jim? I believe code's a great equalizer. This is what got me to finally code. Again, I spent so much money on developers. Now anybody can code with their voice. I'm using Whisper flow here just to talk to Claude Opus 4.7. Please slow down. I can't keep up. I just got that in the chat. I'm sorry if you can't keep up. You must lock in now because I must speak fast. I must go faster. I'm chasing Jim Simons $31 billion. I can't go slower. They say Moon dab, please take a break. Slow down. No way. Why? Because 4.8's going to be out next. Then 4.9. Then five. Scanner looks great. 6,200 6,525 whales coming through. So, I do have that scanner. It looks like she's done with that. So, let me go ahead and run it myself. Okay, how can we get there? She's building out the bot now. So, this is fire. Opus 4.7. Okay, so this is the training by GitHub here. Okay. This is the Polymarket stuff up here. Okay, where did you go, bro? Oh, I got the yellow yellow dot up there. Yes, nice. I got the yellow dot up there. This is the app that I built in order to essentially fix the problem I had before. Context switching is hard when you're running multiple Claude codes. So, you actually get this when you come to the Zoom. If you want to come to the Zoom, there's a link there. It's five bucks though, so might be too much. So, you can see the scanner script here. Let's see if we can find it. So, here's the GitHub. Okay. So, see if we can find this. Where do you think she put it? There are so many files here. Can you tell them a vibe coder? Yes, anybody can code now. That's why they gave me so much trash, bro. The ideas guy The idea guys are going to win. Sorry. I'm sorry, dude. So, hyper Okay, poly hyper whale scanner. I don't know why you put it there, but okay. Whale scanner. So, we got the whale scanner now. Copy path. And then let's go here to uh polymarket trading bots. Yes. And she's done with the uh stink bid bot as well. So, sick, dude. That was fast. Python. Now, I just need to pick some whales. So, calling the API. moondev in order to get it. Profile here. This guy's up 300. Okay, so I need to filter this better. Let's go ahead and filter these out so only people that are up at least 10,000. Put a variable up top inside of the scanner so I can go ahead and mess with that. I don't know what was going on there. Oh, I hit that button on accident. I was kind of fire, though. So, you can see I got all of the whales on polymarket. There's 6,000 of them. How did I get it? I used my API, dude. moondev.com/docs. You can read about it. It's a hyperliquid data layer, but since I'm cooking on polymarket, everything that I have I want to give to you because I believe code is a great equalizer. I believe if you just start prompting and having AI code for you, you can cook whatever you want. And the thing is is the idea guy is going to win from here on out. From here on out. It has to be a ambitious idea guy, though. You actually have to do the work, but the work is with your pinky now. Pinky's the pinky. The pinky, dude. I just used my pinky. Calling the API. moondev. Okay, beautiful. Now there's 652. Beautiful. Let's go ahead and keep ramping it up. Well, I can probably do this by hand now. Let's go find it. Okay, so Poly Market Hyper, okay, and then it was called whale script scanner here. Okay, and then you can see this is the actual code for the whale scanner. Let me go ahead and make sure you have access to that actually. So, you'll have to pause the video. I I don't have time to go super slow. I'm not here to make tutorials. I have a boot camp if you want tutorials. But just pause this however you need and you can have the Poly Market scanner as well. So, this scans to find all of the whales on Poly Market. Free on YouTube. Boom. Okay, sweet. Now we have that. Well, what I want to change? I want to change this to be more than. Let's go ahead and say 100,000 because this gave me a lot of options here and maybe we can get it down more. So, let's say whale scanner calling all of them. Okay, now we have 124. Let's go ahead and just pick some randoms. How about that? Let's just do a little bit of randomness to this. Okay. Let's go here and say, okay, profile, I believe. Okay, sick. So, you can see up 1 day 1 month, 1 year, Wordle addict. Okay. Let's see what you got, gang. Let's see what you got. So, wallet here. Let's just Let's just do this, dude. Stop it. This is funny cuz I'm not a big fan of copy skin copy bots, but this is an interesting approach to them. You know? I'm copying, but I'm saying only if I can get an absolute massive deal. New beginnings, he's down 600 a day. See, I'm not going to pick that one. The quant risk is down 13 racks today. I don't like the P&L curve. This is good, dude. This is fire. This is fire. So, a profile here. Just picking them almost randomly, but not I mean kind of randomly out of good ones. This guy up 2.9 2.3, but in the last month he's down 100 racks. Week a week, okay. I want to see somebody has got a true edge. I mean, I guess they all technically do, but I don't like the drawdown. So, he's up 150 racks today. Down up Mhm. Let's see here. He got up 1.3 here, and now he's he's growing. Ah, this is tough. Should I add him? Copy address here. Not my favorite, but I I am being pretty stringent here. So, I'm on 18 now. And let's see here. Week month. See, I like this. This is a nice one here. That's what I like to see, buddy boy. What are you doing, by the way? We can do a whole new segment on that. That's the thing. There's unlimited to cook with as long as you have the energy, dude. How do you get the energy? You sleep well. You eat good. You work out, bro. I got the weights right next to me. I got the ankle weights on me. Gosh, dude. I want to get 10 of these. I want to get 10 of these wallets in here. So, 21 21 21 21 One day. Oh, I'm just going to get you out of here. I don't want my monthly to look like that. And let's see if this even works. Again, I'm always researching and back testing or incubating. 21,000 down 110,000. I mean, it looks pretty good. Looks pretty good. I'm tempted, but I'm not going to because we have unlimited here. 22 22 22 The month looks good. The week looks good as well. Let's see what the all looks like. Oh, that was him. Haha, silly guy. 23 here weekly daily looks good weekly monthly. Okay, this is straight alpha for you, dude. Take a screenshot if you want. You don't have to. But these are the wallets that you get access to when you jumped in the Zoom call. I told you I told you, dude. They said they said I'm not going to make it. I said, "Okay, well, I'll do it on my own and I'll invite a few people to the Zoom." If you want to get in the Zoom, get in the Zoom. I get you a bunch of bonuses as well like the API key. 19,000 today, 70,000, 180,000. All right, let's just go ahead and start with these. 246 Nah, let's get 10. Let's keep pushing. Let's keep pushing. Let's get 10. Now, let's get seven. Let's get seven because I want to I want to keep this pushing. So, I'm going to find one more. 777 for the culture. See this is a good one as well, straight up, dude. Straight up. He's going His account is going straight up and I could go deeper on to what their actual strategies are and reverse engineer them, but for now, let's go ahead and start with these first seven. Make sure that the outputs of the prints for the bot are nice and fun. They're better be term color in there. I want it to be fun, dude. Make sure it's fun like the other ones. Okay, thank you. Much love to you. Send me the Python file when we're done, dude. Make sure this is for the OG account, but make sure that it's set up so I can go ahead and make a new version for the other accounts. Make sure the infrastructure is set up just like that. So, if I wanted to change it to April 7th, I could. It's the OG account for now. Thank you, dude. Okay, dude. This is fire. This is time for you to rebuild not rebuild the bot, but make the updates to the bot. I've already filtered out. I got the seven that I want and those are the only ones we're going to follow. Thank you, dude. All right. This is fire, dude. This is fire. This is fire. This is fire. This is fire. Where is the API key? I dropped the API key in the chat multiple times throughout the day. Multiple times throughout the day. Multiple times throughout the day. I just dropped the API key in the chat. Here you go. Much love to you. Thanks for coming through. So, you can see she's cooking now. By the end of this, I will have my stink bid copy bot set up. Updating the bot with your seven whales, fun output, and clean account switch block. Beautiful. It's exactly what I need. I've given you the idea. I've given you some whale addresses. You know you can jump into the Zoom at any time before the end of the Zoom or just come to tomorrow's Zoom. I don't care. I'm stepping on the gas chasing Jim Simons. Jim did not have Opus 4.7. Jim did not have Polymarket. There's new opportunities and Jim also told me there's always new anomalies happening. So, if there's new anomalies in the old boomer market, he didn't have zero DTEs either. Holy moly, dude. I'm just so grateful to be here. Much love to you. 777, you can do anything in this world that anybody else can do. And remember the 4-minute mile cuz nobody could do that, either. Now you got high school cats doing that. Just lock in, close your eyes, maybe 10 minutes, 15 minutes, 20 minutes a day. Think about what you really want. Get all the noise about it there. Your friends, your family, don't listen to them. Listen to you. This is your life. You could die tomorrow, dude, and you all know that. We've all lost ones unexpectedly. So, let's lock in. Let's just cook. Just cook. Let's cook every day, every day. I'm here every single day, every single day. You probably see me here on the YouTube every time you log on because I love this, dude. Have fun, and you'll never be done. Optimized for fun. Optimized for fun. And they just make like I woke up this morning, and boom, open is 4.7. Go have fun. Yesterday or 2 days ago, I was like, let me get every single whale on Polymarket and put it on the API. Boom, go have fun. You're on 4.6, though. Actually, yesterday, I had to use chat or had to use GPT 5.4. So, optimized for fun, baby. Optimized for fun. We got mad wallets here. I should keep going through them. Yes. Anon, not anymore. What the hell, dude? How did you even get on my thing? Okay, so here's the file. Perfect. Let's go ahead and see if it cooks. Um I'm going to put in another one because that's actually kind of useful. Python. Run it. Whale stinkpot. Scanning the whales. Scanning the whales. Whale six, whale seven. Oh, and it's not going to be able to put the orders in for the same reason that you can't put the orders in in the United States of America. We did it though, boom. So, I'll have to, um, you know, get out the VV or get on the VV. Blocked by AI, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful. She's asking Kimmy Mini Max, the hell is Kimmy Mini Max? That's not a real thing. We did it, dude. We built it. We built the bot. Um, now I I just got to run it now, so let me go ahead down here and say Tflow, bro. Python run it. It's not going to work right now for the same reason as yours. Now, this is the reason, and one thing I noticed here, dude, is I messed up. Do you remember that earlier today? Cuz I do. When I was explaining why I don't use terminals to code anymore. I accidentally exited out of one of my bots that I'm incubating right now. So, that's a big L. That's a big L. I got to figure out which one that was, bee. So, let's go to Polymarket here. Polymarket. >> I think it's this one. What a [ __ ] day, dude. [ __ ] flies when you having fun. Python, python ain't a thing, gang. Python, python ain't a thing, gang. It's not a thing. Crazy tech every day. Let's get it. 777 much love to you guys. Let's check in on the arena real quick see if anybody's cooking. So we got the moon dab.com/arena here. I apologize to everybody that can't understand me. I get excited and I speak fast. If you can't understand me, I'm sorry. Really sorry, dude. I don't know how to help it though. Like I got to go fast. Like this already slows me down just speaking it through. So I got to speak it through as however fast I [ __ ] can. Okay, so we got one day until the 1795 ends and we got Dr. Inker up here cooking. Oh, it's a close game between Inker and Papo though. So we'll see. See how it goes. See how it goes. We'll see how it goes. And let's see what the 5 minutes looking like. Okay, DK, who are you? Dr. Inker's got a few stickers that are cooking very Okay, let's go ahead and see the history who won today the 5-minute. You see Warshawski still on the goat board. Number one seven wins. Let's get it. Sniper Warrior, I'm coming for you though. You got the 5-minute Robert Tosen. Rob Bertel Robertosin Robertosin Yes, without Roberto. He had a score of 23. Damn, Sniper Warrior had a score of 44 one day. Congrats to everybody that's been winning these free NFTs here. I do have a couple to send, but I'll probably wait until a couple more people ask for them. So, originally this this arena was going to be for 1795 credit Moon Dub credit. Um I'll show you in a second what you can use that on. But um feel free to join this. It's You don't have to pay for anything. You don't have to join my stream. You don't have to do anything. It's all free to join. And you can predict BTC price and win on the hourly. That's for the big prize, but then I was like, "Oh, why not have a 5-minute market as well?" Why not have daily prizes as well? I got a bunch of this NFT that's like worth like, I don't know, 50 bucks or so. I guess 80 bucks. And I'm giving one away per day. You can sell it. You can do whatever you want with it, dude. Um but I thought that would make the arena more interesting, right? Because now we've got a weekly big gift and a daily smaller prize. And this prize, of course, is going to fluctuate the value of it. Um but yeah, I think this is uh this is live. Got two arenas, one ending in a day, and they are rolling. They're rolling. We're kind of just doing a beta right now. Make sure we get all the bugs out. But you can see the two uh winners. Winner pulled weekly. Winner pulled daily. Yeah, feel free to join if you'd like. It's moon-dub.com/arena. Congrats to the winners of this week. There's been a bunch of them. And um if you are curious about that 1795 credit, well, this is what you can use it on. I only have one thing that I sell, and this is to make it easy for you and I. Like, if you want to get caught up to speed with me, this is how you do it. I'll show you in the algo trade camp exactly how to get your trading bots live. I hold your hand step-by-step through the process. As someone who used to be an emotional trader, and actually I'm still an emotional trader as you saw me trading those zero DTEs, calling myself goat. And I'm probably out now. I'm probably out. Let's go ahead and pull it up. Did I take my little 100% win? Yes. Position is closed. So, you know, as an emotional trader, I could have got another 100% there, but you know, whatever. It's It is what it is. 250% in one day is crazy on this move. And then 100% on this move, it got up to 200%. Sure. Close for 100% stop loss. So, having a robot trade this, zero TTEs, could be interesting. When I figure that out, I'll add it to the algo trade camp. Algo trade camp is where I'll hold your hand step-by-step through the process of actually getting your trading bots live, and you know, I come from a place of non-technical. So, if you like what I cooked today, imagine 5 years of that. The short concise videos are in here. The tutorials are in the algo trade camp. The code is in the algo trade camp. Holding your hand from a place of emotional trader to fully automated trading, that's what the algo trade camp is. Everything I know in short concise tutorials. So, if you've been here for 3 hours, and you're interested in getting your trading bots live, you need to join the algo trade camp. On top of that, things have been evolving quite quickly. Yeah, AI just keeps getting better and better. And I show you exactly how I use AI to do all the heavy lifting. So, even if you don't know how to code, don't worry. I'll show you everything you need to know about coding. And then I'll show you how to use AI to do all the coding for you because you saw me cook all day. But that was AI cooking. It was just me kind of giving the ideas. And if you don't have ideas, in the algo trade camp, I also show you how to get great ideas. So, I show you how to get great ideas. I show you how to see if those ideas work in the past. And then if they work in the past, then I show you how to build bots that trade in the future. I built out an entire framework that hundreds of people have followed. So, if you don't know how to code right now, if you're an emotional trader, and you want to get your trading bots live, this is the place to do it. Not only do you get the algo trade camp for life, you never have to pay me again, but on top of that you get the AI master classes. This is the age of AI. I believe code is a great equalizer, but shoot, it's starting to be I believe AI is the great equalizer. Because whoever captures this small period of time where other people are they still don't know how to prompt. My shorty was telling me about how they have billboards in some other city with like, "This is how you prompt." Or like, "Go ahead and join this workshop to learn how to prompt." Like if you're not using AI to code right now, you're falling behind. I'mma show you how to build on Solana. I'll show you how to build a copy bot and a sniper course sniper bot because at the end of the day on algo trade camp, I'll show you how to build for crypto exchanges. I even give you code for interactive brokers, for stocks, futures, etc. But I want you to be a powerful quant. I want you to go from emotional hand trader to a powerful quant that can trade any idea you have at any time. If I see something on Solana, I can cook it up right now. I see something on Polymarket, I can cook it up right now. So, the whole thing has been 5 6 years of me locking in for 4 5 6 hours a day live on stream, and the things I figure out I make tutorials of. Algo trade camp's going to hold your hand through the process of getting your bots live. AI master classes they're going to show you everything I know about AI in order to have AI do all the coding for you. From agent stuff to just coding with cloud code. I got the Solana copy bot and the sniper bot course so you can build on Solana if and when that does come back. Polymarket is obviously all the rage right now and most people are trading by hand. So, if you can trade with bots that don't sleep, don't eat, don't have emotions, you're going to be better, right? On top of that you get all these Zoom calls forever. You never have to pay me ever ever ever ever again. All of this is lifetime all access. Anything I drop in the future you get you get it for free. Plus QuantElite, we mentioned this earlier, but QuantElite is crazy because for the last 5 years, not only have we been digesting papers for you, we have hundreds and hundreds of strategies, and Wish you was saying his profitable strategy he built was from an idea in Quant Strategies. But on top of that, we have QuantElite that gives you access to all the code. So, take those papers, then we backtest to see if they actually work, and then you get the code for that backtest and the stats. Okay, I have three quants that have been doing that for like 5 years now, and on top of that, I add my sickest code of the week in there. So, imagine 5 years like you can't keep keep up. You can't like we're we're so far ahead. There's 20 of us here every single day working together chasing Jim Simons. You got an option of trying to do this on your own, trying to figure it out for over 5 years, but remember, this entire time I've had 20 people giving me suggestions, ideas. If you don't have that, if you don't have a community to help you, you're going to go slower. So, how much is 5 years of your time worth? How much is that next liquidation worth? You get the MoonDev Vault. If you want to get into the nitty-gritty, I have 100 plus streams that are deleted off of YouTube. Nobody else has access to these. You get the MoonDev API key. You saw the power of the MoonDev API key today. I was able to pull those whales off of Polymarket, no problem. Nobody else has that data. Literally. Everything I have I'm trying to get to you in one package. Make make it easy for you, make it easy for me. There's no like other course, there's no other upsell. This is the end. This is everything, and you have lifetime access for life. So, you get the API key, which is crazy. You get the GitHub, my trading bot GitHub, another 5 years of work uploaded 100 plus more backtests and bots. I'm going to go ahead and get that uploaded right now, what we built today. We'll have trading bots here. You can imagine 5 years of this. Well, do you want to do it alone or do you want to do it with the community? Do you want to do it by yourself or do you want to invest a little bit of money in order to learn exactly how to get your bots live. We did a bunch of backtests today. And now they're uploaded on the GitHub, perfect. So, you get that GitHub and you also get my AI agents GitHub. This was one of the fastest growing GitHubs in the world and I took it down. It's private, only for people that are in this. It's a bonus because this is life-changing. Literally, like you go from staring at the screens all day to working with cloud code in order to build systems that you can rely on for the rest of your life. You can go ahead and grab old code and be done with things in 2 minutes opposed to starting from scratch. It actually compounds. Trading doesn't compound and that sucks. Because it attracts the most ambitious people in the world, but you literally are just staring at the screen all day, emotional like I was today. I was just looking at the screen, "Dude, this That's not a job, dude. That's not a career. That's gambling. Plus, you get the Moon Dev app. So, the app that I use all day in order to code more efficiently. You can see I have four cloud codes up here. I could have eight. You can't keep up. You can't keep up if you're not on the inside cuz this is just a bonus. I'm going to hold your hand through the process of getting your bots actually live. I'm going to make you the best AI coder in the world. I'm going to show you how to build on Solana and Polymark and this is brand new. You get lifetime access to everything including 5 years of bots and backtests. That's insane. If I had this when I got started, of course it's a $48,000 value. I'm not going to charge you all that. You can see hundreds of people who have taken me up on this offer and had success just like you. You got to ask yourself, how did you end up in this room right now? How did you get to the Zoom right now? You already doing step one, which is research. You're researching a different way of trading. I didn't run an ad. I'm not begging you to be here. You paid five bucks again to a Zoom. About this is fascinating. If I help you build one bot that changes your life. If you're able to trade for the rest of your life without having to worry about your emotions. Like there's already so much to worry about in trading. You got to find a good strategy that works. Then you layer on your emotions. Like that's just just gambling. But if you were to be able to build one profitable trading bot based off of what I'm teaching you here in the algo trade camp and the code that I'm giving you, if that leads you to one profitable idea, isn't that worth 24,000? Isn't that worth $12,000? Yes, dude. If you're actually trading, it This is taking you from staring at the charts for four to six hours a day hoping you're right, usually losing money, to building systems that you know work. I'm not even going to charge you 72. This is 1795. Go to moondev.com/go. You can get started now. There's a 90-day no questions asked money-back guarantee. moondev.com/go. If you have any questions, feel free to ask. 777 to you. Much love. There's a 90-day no questions asked money-back guarantee and the link is in the chat. And remember, you have time to go check it out, see if it's for you. You can see I'm going to hold your hand through the process of getting your trading bots live. If you don't have that capital to put down, put down two payments, one payment now, one in 30 days. You got 90 days to check it out. So, in that first 30 days, if it's not for you, it's not for you. You can see hundreds of people who have access this and the name of those who get their trading bots live, so why not you? Man, show me some demo. I'm not here to watch your promo sale. When did you get here, Mayor? Cuz it's over now. Peace. And by the way, everything's backed by a 90-day money back guarantee. So, if you feel like I did not um perform today, you get your money back because I'm going I'm chasing Jim Simons with or without you guys. And the 90-day money back guarantee is really for both of us. It's really for both of us. So, feel free. Feel free. Um the reason that I'm late today is because the stream on mundabot.com said 2:00 p.m., meaning 7:00 p.m. When I came back, it said 11:00 p.m. Um it shouldn't have changed, but yeah, if it's today wasn't for you, you can get your money back. It's mundabotalgortradecamp.com. Uh the reason that we're all here is because I refuse to work for somebody. So, I'm definitely not going to respond or allow Mayor Car back in here because he's trying to he's trying to stunt me, say, "Get back to work, boy." Like, all right. All right, dog. All right, Mr. Officer. All right, Mr. Officer. If you guys want to know everything I know, feel free to join moondev.com/go. I'm an entrepreneur to my core. It makes me sick when people tell me what to do. So, boy, get to working. That's how That's what I hear. That's what I hear. If you joined late and you didn't see the three last three hours, we absolutely cooked. We absolutely cooked. Feel free to leave, fam. It's over. I'm going to sell I'm going to sell this at the end of every single day because I get so many people asking about the API keys or how I can get started from scratch. So, this is like the best most efficient way for me to do it instead of trying to answer everybody throughout the day. How do I get started with automated trading? How do I build a trading bot? Where do I get the API key for life? Like, if you don't like it, then it's okay to leave. It's okay. It's definitely okay to leave. I'm chasing Jim Simons with or without you guys. This is just the only way for me to be efficient with my time. I spend three hours stepping on the gas building stuff that most people can't even imagine. And then I spend 10 minutes at the end going over the offer because everybody asks for it. Is there a replay? Yes, there will be a replay here sent out at the end of today. So, much love to you. If anybody has any questions, feel free to ask them. Um if if you don't to see this part, you can you can bounce. Much love to you. These are the people that asked me to put together a course, so I put together a course. Replays are here available to anybody, and just like the Zoom, there's a 90-day money-back guarantee on this lifetime all-access offer, as well. How to get the API key? You can have the API key for life if you join moondev.com/go. But, I'll also put post it here for Zoom participants. As you know, at the end of the day or each day, not each day, for the last couple of days, I've given the API key for 24-hour access. How to use the API key? You send it. Look at the docs. Read the docs. Read the docs. Read the docs. Are you preparing any new strategies for Hyperliquid other or other trading sites? I have a lot of systems on Hyperliquid. And I'll always be preparing new ones, absolutely. I'm not a jukebox, though. I think some people think that they can throw five at me, and I just Like homeboy said earlier, like show me some demos. Like, bro, stop it. What's your name? What's your email, by the way? I can't be around people like you. I'm sorry. I'm sorry, dude. I'm sense I'm sensitive to that stuff. I'm very sensitive to it. Cuz the only reason every single one of us are here is is because I'm extremely sensitive to people telling me what to do. That's why I'm an entrepreneur. That's how I why I was able to run up millions of dollars to even get into trading. And then learn the problem that we all have that emotional trading with too much leverage gets you wrecked. So, I had to automate it. And for that reason I I automate live on YouTube. That's something nobody else is going to do. But then every time I say something about this, I got people coping about it's too much or you shouldn't sell this, yada yada. Bro, I just spent 3 hours absolutely cooking. And then 10 minutes giving you guys the opportunity to know everything I know for 1795. That's insane. I spent 2K when somebody knew something I didn't know and he was 2 years ahead of me. And I was a kid. So, most of the people that have things to say about the price, they're never going to join number one. Most of the people that have things to say about me pitching this too much, like they show up late. You can pay in USDC. If you click that button in here, you can go pay with crypto here and they accept USDC, pay with card, pay with Klarna. So, you can pay with any method. I mean, if you're privileged enough to be in the United States, you can pay with Klarna as well. That's fire. You can pay with crypto. It's USDC, so you'll have to transfer the USDT to USDC. Or they're brand new. Sebastian was dragging me earlier saying he doesn't like it either. So, I mean, what what value do I like what reason do I have to help you? There's no reason. Mayer shares as well. My results are never going to be your results. I can I can get you up to speed with everything I know. That being said, there's nothing plug and play here and I don't want that to be assumed because I know there's a lot of scams on YouTube or the ads around here, but this guy says, "That's cool. One of my bots I set up watching you is pretty profitable thanks to you." But it's still his ideas. This guy right here said, "My bots I've made from your ideas combined with mine paid off 186k." But the the key point is, "My bots I've made from your ideas combined with mine paid off 186k." Not just my ideas. You still got to put in work. Yeah, it's too often. That's okay, dude. I mean, you guys can leave. You can leave when I start selling stuff, but this is the only way I'm going to do it because all day long, look at the public chat, look at the private chat. People are asking, "Hey, can I get the How do I get the API key after today? How do I get my bots live?" Or ask random questions like with that are just answered over and over again inside of the algo trade camp. So, I'm not going to sit here and do free consulting. I'm sorry. I already gave 5 years. I feel you, dude. Just log off. Log off. It's time. It's time to log off and you don't have to come back, Sebastian. It's fine. Much love to you. I'm chasing Jim Simons $31 I let you into my world for $5. That's the thing. You guys want the most out of me for five bucks. Dude, I'll give you everything I know if you put down a little bit more cash. If you're not going to put down more cash, then like, come on, dude. What do you expect? I just gave you 3 hours of absolute fire. 3 hours for five bucks. That's the thing. Like, the people that complain about me talking about this offer are not the people that I want to be with, be around. I'm trying to build the best algorithmic trading community in the world and I already have, in fact. And that's because there is a gate here. I'm not letting anybody into my world. Like if you truly can't afford it, that's one thing. I think you can do anything, dude. So, I couldn't afford the $2,000 course I purchased. But I put $2,000 on my credit card and I ran up millions off of it. And that's the only reason we're here. Cuz that led me to trading. And then I figured out the biggest problem with trading is it had the most ambitious, world-changing people in the world, but this is what we do. Stare at these charts. Why not use some of that ambition to see if the strategy actually works in the past? Most of the time your strategy doesn't even work in the past. So, boom. Just right there, I've changed your life. If you're a hand trader, every day waking up at 9:30 trading, you're wasting multiple hours a day if your strategy does not work at least in the past. So, moondev.com/go if you want to get on the inside, get to the members' area. Expect more people like me in there though. Like we're going to dog you. We're going to dog We're going to dog you if like if you if you ask for a plug-and-play, which bot can I run? That question gets asked so, so much. So, the bigger the investment, the better the crew. And this in reality is worth $50,000. I would pay this immediately. Immediately. But I know what I know and I'm I'm clearly biased. But go check it out. There's a 90-day no questions asked money-back guarantee, so you know, you can have your opinion on it, but please at least see the the content. See that this is This is a bad trade for me, a good trade for you. I believe codes are great great equalizers. The only reason I've been here for 5 years is because nobody wanted to share this information with me, dude. But I spent 5 years going live on YouTube for free sharing everything I figured out. Of course I have knowledge you don't have. I'm 5 years ahead of you. Is that worth $1,800 to you? Most people that chirp about I sell too much or yada yada, their 5 years truly isn't worth $1,800. And that's sad. Are you a Wall Street trader? Okay, they're just new, dude. They're new. They're new. I got to stop talking to everybody. I might need to I might need to increase the price of the [ __ ] live, bro. $5. Are you a Wall Street trader from the guy that says I sell too much? Get up out of here, gang. What's your name? I can't be around people like this. Sebastian and Mericar? Kind of cooked. Kind of cooked, bro. Seba- Mericar more cooked than Sebastian, but Sebastian is cooked, too. And um but that's why we have a gate. That's why we have a gate. Five bucks to get into the zoom. What do you mean am I a Wall Street trader? What the [ __ ] does that even mean to you? But then El he's finally in here. That's my guy. And that's the point of this, dude. You guys are super interested in the same thing I'm interested in. There's a 20% of you that are absolute [ __ ] dogs that I need to be around. I'm on year 15 pretty much because I've been around some absolute dogs. But what happens in the public chat is I literally talk to anybody in the entire world. People that don't even They ask questions like, "Are you a Wall Street trader?" Like, "What does that even mean?" What does that even mean? That's the same people that tear you up for this. But if you You to be on the inside with people actually doing this? You can read all the testimonials. Like, I'm not running ads or anything like that. I'm not begging anybody to join my lives or anything like that. You can join if you like. And at the end each day I will keep all questions about the course or how you get started, if you want me to help you. People were asking today about consulting. People were asking about partnerships today. I don't do any of that. I've got one product. And I spend the last 10 minutes of every single Zoom stream that you pay $5 for. It's five, bro. If $17.95 is too much for you, if you've got that, you know money replenishes. If you've seen that money, if you have access to that right now and you want to be an automated trader, there's nowhere in the world you can learn this stuff for this price. There's nowhere. You got 90 full days to check it out if you feel so inclined. You know money replenishes. I would love to see I would love to see the people that talk about I sell too much. I would love to see your expenses because me, you guys think I'm [ __ ] locked. You think I'm disciplined as hell. Three days ago I bought $75 worth of cookies. I would like to see their expenses if mine are that [ __ ] up. We all got bad habits, dude. We all do. All I had to do was tighten up. Stop ordering cookies and guess what? Now I've got a few Uber stock and it's going crazy. Like, or you can tighten up, maybe not go out as much, maybe not eat out as much. Okay, now you're saving 50, 60 bucks a day. Now this becomes nothing. So, if the price is too high, the sad thing for you is we're just not playing the same game. Because if I was getting started today and I saw somebody offer 5 years of knowledge for $1,800, especially when I spent $2,000 when I was a kid and I didn't have that. That's an instant buy. That's an instant buy because I know money is just a tool. It's a tool to unlock knowledge. You look at Jeff Bezos, you look at Mark Zuckerberg. What are they doing? They're reading books all day. Yes. They don't know something, they're buying a company because they know it. They got the revenue, too. They're buying time back. That's the only way in the world to buy time back. It's to use money as a tool to buy your time back. Otherwise, people are just going to cope in the chat and say, "Oh, you sell too much." Or "This is too expensive." Or all you're saying to me when you say it's too expensive is you're saying you don't value your time. Cuz you love You're still here, dude. You're still here 3 hours later. You love this [ __ ] You want bots trading for you 24/7. So, it's going to save you 5, 6 years to even get close to where I'm at. I can save you time. Time is money, dude. You know that. And that money always replenishes, the time doesn't. Option A, you can go back to just trading by hand, staring at these charts all day. Option B, you can take a small, small risk. It's not even a risk. There's a 90-day money-back guarantee. Take a small chance. Jump in, see what's actually in there. Then make your opinion. You see hundreds of people went out their way to make opinions by themselves, like These are mostly these are screenshots from what? Trustpilot? YouTube, Discord. Come on, dude. Ask any questions you have, man. I'm here. I'm live. I re- reworked the buzzer beater strat, made a few versions of it, and I'm really cool stats. Now I'm trying to send the trade execution to Hyperliquid instead of Poly with trailing stop and stop loss to see what happens. Sounds good. Sounds good. I'm just glad you're able to cook, dude. I'm glad you're able to build these things. Girl Scout cookies came came by with the cookies. Nah, Uber Eats, dude. Uber Eats. That's the thing. That's the thing, bro. I'm cooked off Uber Eats. They just got me by a chokehold. But every day I don't order Uber Eats, I just buy Uber stock now because if I'm this if I'm this addicted to Uber Eats and just like not cooking, then I know there's millions of other people as well. So, if I can just kind of hack my brain and be like, "Moon, don't order Uber Eats. Just buy a stock and go [ __ ] cook something." It's just a good little hack, so. Yeah, man. Um Much love to you. You can see hundreds of people joining this. My bot is making money, so get the coding and stop losing. I was the classic get stopped out daily and it pissed me off. Hence why I'm here. I just read that, Will. I just read that. I gave you my thoughts. My thoughts are I'm glad you're able to cook. I can't tell you like there's no question in that. I think it's a good idea. I I it is a good idea. I think Hyperliquid is more robust than Polymarket. Polymarket is new and that's a little tricky because if this is your first time seeing me, you think I'm just a Polymarket guy. But these are the types of things that I'll teach you. I'll teach you the robust way to build trading bots. A lot of that is on Hyperliquid. But that's why I spend this last 10 minutes or so to go ahead and talk about this because at the end of the day, I can either attend to the chat all day asking the same questions like, "Hey, how do I get a bot live? Hey, should I trade on Polymarket or Hyperliquid? Hey, how do you do this do that?" Like, I can do that all day and whip my attention back and forth or I can spend the last part of each day after I've already delivered the product and show you exactly what you can get if you want to actually jump on this train with me and chase Jim Simons. You can still use it through a VPS, I think. VPN, VPS. I don't think you're wrong. I don't think you're wrong. I don't think you're wrong. Uh the replay will be sent to the same page that you joined on. So, after you joined, you paid five bucks here, you joined, the um replay will be on that same exact page after I'm done here today. Thank you. I'm actually going to start working on that now, but I'll sit here and answer any questions you have. This is what you get. I'm going to start getting the replay up for you because this is the end, dude. This is the end. And you can leave if you want to. I don't care, dude. I I literally don't don't you here. But this is this is why it's a bad trade for me, dude. I'm giving all my secrets away. For 1,800, are you kidding me? I would have died for that. I would have died for this offer, bro. So. I would have done anything. But we're not the same. I mean, I think a lot of us are a lot of us are very similar, but some of us are not the same. I believe you can do anything, dude. So, please believe in yourself. Believe that if you purchase something from somebody else, a book, you can find a secret that changes your life. I read books, I find one secret in it. It doesn't even have to do with the book. Game over. 777, much love to you. All right. So, I'm going to get this all set up here. And then I want to get those um We're going to do it again tomorrow if you'd like, but if you don't like me selling something at the end, then just leave. Because I have to. All right, it's my civil duty at this point. I get so many [ __ ] basic questions. Like, I have all of that [ __ ] answered for you. And it's not that you're like, I'm not better than you. I'm just 5 years ahead of you. You probably cook me once you learn everything in the chat. Like, everything that I show in this lifetime, this gets you caught up to speed with me. And hundreds of people just like yourself have gone through it. Let's get it. Let's get it. This is your one shot. Buddy boy. Buddy boy. This is your shot. There's a 90-day no questions asked money-back guarantee, so you don't even have to worry about it. See what's inside. If it's for you, let's get it. If not, then let's get your money back. 100% 100% No questions asked. [ __ ] that sounds good. Honestly, I'm about to order this little sandwich. Nah, I should just walk there, huh? [ __ ] I was literally just talking about Uber Eats, bro. See, it's almost like a compul- it's almost a compulsive thing. I'm over here scrolling Uber Eats while I'm feeling like eating food for lunch today. Make something, dude. Buy yourself a Uber stock. I got stopped out earlier. I got stopped out earlier. [ __ ] up. What time is it? Trap traders, baby, trap traders. Trap traders. Should I take one more trade? I'm not telling you which way anymore because some of you are [ __ ] odds, bro. Some of you are [ __ ] odds, bro. I'm not telling you which way. Take a trade with me. I'm going to someday I'm going to stop showing up, dude. I'm going to stop showing up. It's like [ __ ] [ __ ] [ __ ] anybody tell me what the [ __ ] to do, dude. There's a reason we're here. You got to remember that. You got to remember that. We ain't all going to make it, unfortunately. Unfortunately, I think I know I know some of you are. I know some of you are. I know that. But some of you are not going to make it. If you got access to 1795 and you actually want to get your bots live and you're still opposed to it with a 90-day money-back guarantee I get it if you literally don't have the money. I get that. I get that. No worries. Like you'll make it, dude. You'll make it. Cuz you still lock in. You still lock in. That's what matters. Yes, I can help you, but it's not plug and play, so We got to learn, baby, learn. [ __ ] earn, baby, earn. >> Lions, baby. Lions. So, we got lions, baby. Lions. We get this all set up here. I honestly I raise me to the core, dude. I raise me to the core. I don't want to [ __ ] with none of y'all [ __ ] anymore just cuz one person said, "Boy, get to work." After I did 3 hours of fire, that's how that's the type of [ __ ] like it's just it's to the core, dude. It's to the core and that's my bad. That's my bad. But, I'll never work for anybody and I'll never listen to anybody. And great example of why I don't listen to people here today in these charts. Everybody says short, okay. Long. Everybody says long, short. So, I can't let the infection bleed into me. Like, if you don't think your 5 years of time is worth $17.95, don't try to bring me down for it. Cuz I know for a fact what's in here. I know I've helped hundreds of people go from emotional traders to fully automated traders. Like, that's worth $17.95. And and I give you a 90-day no questions asked money-back guarantee. This isn't even a sale, dude. This isn't even [ __ ] sale. This is a giveaway. This is charity. Literally, you look back my 5 years this is charity. It's [ __ ] charity. But, I believe code is a great equalizer and I know I've changed so many lives. So, I'm going to keep sharing it. I just have to put up with [ __ ] broke boys and it just it just makes me sick. It makes me sick. And broken in the mind, I get it. We're all at different places of the game. We can all win. We can all win. But the mind brokenness is what kills me. I get it. Some of you literally don't have the access to credit. A lot of people that talk [ __ ] to me are from America and they have access to credit. And they still won't even bet it on themselves. Like I feel bad for them. Dude, I moved to Puerto Rico. I'm 36 years old. I can't even get a credit card when I got 15 US credit cards. Still. It's crazy. So if you do have the cash and you're still hating like we aren't all going to make it. We aren't all going to make it, dude. That's the That's the game that we're playing. We're traders. We are not all going to make it. Deeds, not words. Let's get it. I'm actually eating. I'm eating today. I need to get up out of here, bro. I'm eating. I'm [ __ ] eating on these [ __ ] charts. I'm gliding on these zero DTEs, dude. I'm gliding. So actually disgusting. I'm out. I got to go. If you want to know everything I know, let's get it. 777 was right here. If you don't want to know, it's okay, bro. Let's get it. I think I'm just going to walk there. I'm just going to walk there. Why not? Finally in the [ __ ] city. See where [ __ ] eat. Eat. Eat. Eat. I'm just going to walk there. People eat out here, dude. This is the eater city right here. I'm going to keep the ankle weights on. Absolutely, I'm going to keep these ankle weights on. I'll be out there big goofy. You might see a bird. I got to take my dog on a walk anyway, so what's the point of ordering Uber Eats, you know? I just don't know the America laws, to be honest. In Puerto Rico, I bring my dog into the grocery stores, restaurants, whatever. They don't give a [ __ ] but out here it's kind of like uh I guess you're not allowed to have your dogs in the grocery store or some [ __ ] and restaurants. So, you know. But, you know, save five, six bucks by just walking there. Seven bucks, really. I'm about to get the most trendiest [ __ ] gayest meal ever right now. I'm going to Joe and the Juice for a nice gluten-free sandwich. Oh my god, that's so West Coast of me. That is so West Coast. Holy molly, I grew up around hippies, bro. Of course I'm gluten-free. Of course, dude. Of course. All right. Well, it's been fun, fam. Much love to you. I love most of you. Hate some of you. I don't hate you, Sebastian. You're a good guy. Thank you. Thank you for coming through. Sorry for all the sales. I'm going to do this every single day. Every single day. Every single day. Every single day and I hope I hope this teaches you something. I hope it teaches you something. Got to have consistency in your life. And you got to also have like focus, dude. I'm not going to talk about the boot camp to our trade camp during my three, four hours a day. At the end, I'll talk about it. And I'll roast the [ __ ] out of people that don't want to pay this. If you have it, you know money replenishes, dude. If you have access to this, cash or credit, and you actually want to get your trading bots live, go ahead, spend a couple years looking around, see if you can find this information anywhere else cuz you can't. Oh, I can use AI. Okay, good luck. Cuz I've been using AI for what, 3 4 years now? 3 years? They're making fun of me. I got 300 bots in back test that you get access to. You get my app, you get both GitHub, you get the API key, you get the vault. You get Quantum Leap, 300 plus bots in back test immediately. The Algo Trade Camp holds your hand through the process of getting your trading bots live. From non-coder, dude. You don't even need to know how to code. I'll show you every single thing you need to know about coding. And then I'll show you how to have AI do all of it for you. This is the only guy. You're not going to find information like this anywhere else. Wish he says he's been searching since 2013. Yeah, I don't know anyone doing this. You're welcome, Sebastian. Much love to you. I hope you guys do find what you want to do and just attack it viciously because we have a small amount of time right now. The AI is going to get better and better, but people using the AI are also going to get better and better, and I've been leading the AI coding path for a long time. So long they called me just an AI coder. Haha, thank you, dude. Thanks for noticing. Thanks for noticing that I'm always going to be on the cutting edge, but in reality, I'm on the cutting edge because of you. Because yes, I did have the balls to show everything that Wall Street will never show you. Yes, I did have that. Good job, Moon Dawg. But other than that, you guys just keep telling me what's new, what's hot. Try this, try that. So, 5 years of that, you get all of that distilled into short concise tutorials. Hundreds of people here have found me just like you found me on YouTube, maybe Twitter, but honestly, no offense to people that are from Twitter, but there's just more it's just more cooked over there. It's more cooked. It's just because it's more like spammy. You didn't ask for this. YouTube people on YouTube they found me they're they're researching this stuff. They're looking for it. They're data dogs. Those are the people that I am so grateful to be around every single day. Much love to you. If you do want to jump in and remember there is a 90-day money-back guarantee. No questions asked. I'm going to end it here though. I hope you have a great day. 777. The replay is already up matter of fact. So when you join for tomorrow's if you go to moon.gov.com you'll get the replay of today's. And if you joined already here, you also get the replay of today's. Much love to you guys. Wishy said he found me on YouTube. I know you found me on YouTube, dude. I can tell. The people who are actually locked in here for a long time, I'd say 95% found me on YouTube because I'm not here to convince you guys on anything. I'm just chasing gym and doing a little bit of charity work at the end. I sat down. I put down the whole course together. I give you all my code. People are always going to cope, but that's that's good. Cuz we're trading against those people. They're not ones to invest in themselves. They're not going to invest in themselves. They can't compete. For whatever whatever thing in life you're doing, whether that's like getting healthy or getting my hand try to become an automated trader, they can't those people can't compete. If you're not willing to invest in yourself, you will never be able to compete with me. I promise you that. So join, check it out. 90 full days. No questions asked. Much love to you. Have a great day. I'm about to go get this [ __ ] gluten-free sandwich. Oh my god.