I wish somebody told me this earlier. I went ahead and set up five open claws because that was all the jazz. That was all the hype. And I found some very amazing things that I can't essentially I can't tell everybody here, but I'll tell you some more about what I found that I can tell you about. >> I found I can tell you about >> it's actually insane and I think it's gamechanging because everybody's distracted right now with OpenClaw and I think OpenClaw is sick. Yes, of course. But um as an automated trader who my ultimate goal is to remove all my emotions and never have to trade again, you know, I'll show you step by step how to do that around here. But along the way, I come across new tools like OpenClaw. Okay, let's go ahead and set up OpenClaw on five different computers. Well, there was a specific use case that I started to run into with OpenClaw that it wasn't able to handle. So, what I did is I finally, and I think a lot of people are sleeping on this. I think a lot of people are sleeping on this Claude Chrome extension. It's actually really sick. I I have it set up here. You can see and open Claude. You just add it to your your Chrome here. And what this did for me was something that took would have taken a month for me to do, but I did it in a week. >> Something that took would have taken a month for me to do, >> which is quite insane if you think about it because until now we've all been trying to fiddle around with open claw. We've been waiting for AI to do anything for us or everything for us. And now we finally have Claude inside of Chrome. And comparing it to OpenClaw, it works 100 times better. Just straight up, you know, and I'm I'm one of the only people that have tried OpenCloud times five different computers and actually applied it to my daily work. And then I went ahead and tried Claude and Chrome. Wow, dude. It's still the start for both of them. It's still the start. So, we got to be cognizant of that. So, I'm not writing open claw off by any means. I think it's so sick. But I saw how smooth this worked. Let's just let's try it out. Let's just go to like um let's just go to like uh can you let's just go to like can you navigate to poly market and then figure out what the best markets are where we could take the no side on with the biggest chance of us profiting. and then list me your 10 top markets after going through Poly Market and discovering which ones have the best chance of profiting if we took the no. Now, historically, taking the no side is better than taking it the yes side. So, that's the thesis I'm going to give you and I want you to go ahead and go to Poly Market and find the top 10 markets. Send me the names, send me the links, and send me why you think this is a good no market. So, you've all we've all used Claude. We've all used Claude, but they dropped Claude in Chrome without mentioning it really. I mean, I know heard >> without mentioning it really. >> You've heard of We've all heard of it. Sure. >> But at the end of the day, nobody's nobody's like uh everybody's distracted, >> it seems. Oh, they have like little >> So if everybody's distracted >> and not using it like I had to use it for a specific use case because I set up five open claws and OpenClaw wasn't working for that. Again, just like algorithmic trading, nobody's going to share their exact edge. So I'm not going to share my exact edge of what I was building with OpenClaw and why I had to take what I thought was going to be a month off to lock in. I got it done in a weekend and claude chrome in or whatever this is croing claud and chrome was part of the reason I was able to get it done in a weekend. So I believe code is a great equalizer. Anything I find out I'm going to show you. So you can see she's she's scrolling through Poly Market right here. I wish I would have done it in this window here but she has access to everything in this top part. You can see she's scrolling through Poly Market trying to figure out that prompt I gave her. So, you can think of all of these tasks that you have on your computer, whether it's like accounting tasks, whether you have to do your taxes, or whether you have to log some stuff, whether you have to you want to look at two different arbitrageages on one exchange to another exchange. This is what OpenClaw was pitched to be really, but Anthropic leads with safety, so they're going to roll it out slower. In my mind, they're doing the Apple play. Open Claw is Android. Open Claw works for any computer. Claude Chrome only works with Claude. Now, I know half of you are Android guys. You want the custom, you want to be able to customize everything, that's fine. I support you. I support you in your endeavor of customizing absolutely everything, Android guy. But for those people that like smooth experiences, they like to get things done. They pay for ease of use. You know, if you got an iPhone, you understand what I'm talking about. iPhone's so good because the software is built by the same company that builds the hardware. And that's been my thesis why Claude code is better than anything else is because Claude actually built the AI model and the agentic framework. Now Chrome, Claude and Chrome absolutely cooked for me, dude. It would take me a month to get this done in a couple days. It involved a lot of data from a lot of data sources. And guess what? Chrome Cloud Chrome was able to log into all of my accounts, calculate all of this data, follow all of my instructions. You can see she's taking a screenshot here. She's taking a screenshot. She uses screenshots. Now, we went ahead and we tried to build something like this like two years ago, but it was too hard for Lil Moon two years ago. And I'm glad Anthropic went ahead and took the cake here because like I said, if the person who builds the model builds the tools, it's going to be a better tool at the end of the day. It's no doubt. Always always, always, always, bro. You can see she's navigating to another event here. So, she's looking through all of these events. And the cool thing is is I could go like this. I could say, "Claude, let's see this. Can you go ahead and ask Claude here in the desktop or in the browser? Ask her to build me a back test using back testing. py." I don't know. That's a stupid one. That's a stupid one. But I'm just I wanted to show you that you can have multiple going at the same time. So, imagine this. You've got your Claude in Chrome as your lawyer over here. You've got your Claude and Chrome as your marketer over here. And these can be different Chrome instances because I can just pull this off and boom. Now, I've got Claude working for me in the browser. See, she's putting the prompts in. I have one browser set up with Claude. I've got another browser set up with Claude. I believe code's a great equalizer. Whenever I find something big like this, I have to show you. That's what I'm here for. This changes the game for me cuz now I have these assistants that can actually control the browser. And I know everybody wants full computer use and that's why we like OpenClaw. I get that. But let's be honest, most of our work is in the browser. So if Claude, the best model, is already in the browser, why isn't anybody talking about this? I don't get it. But you can see now I got her cooking in two different places. Okay, let's have her cook some more. Dude, that road map I gave you today. Let's go to it. Let's have her cook with it. Moonave.comroadap. Okay, where's the key? I got to get the key. Okay, you got the key. I think if you don't have the key, I put the key in the chat every day. Okay, let's go ahead and say, okay, we got three browsers. So, you got three employees. I got two employees live and I'm about to have a third one live. Okay, please go through this road map and come up with the um yeah, tell me the structure in order to attack automated trading and then give me the three best trading ideas that you can find in this road map that I should start with. So, you got the road map already. You probably already have claw claw. I've got three different agents working inside browsers because at the end of the day, you know that the most of the work we're doing on our computers are in the browser, dude. So, why is nobody talking about this? I don't know. Why I haven't Why haven't I been using this? I don't know. When did it even come out? When did it even come out? Because why why isn't anybody in the chat talking about this? Why doesn't anybody know about this? I ran a poll yesterday and 90% of people had never used Claude and Chrome before. I had to use Claude and Chrome because I don't I don't just talk about stuff, dude. I just I know I yap a lot. I get that. But I see stuff on Twitter like Open CL OpenC. Okay, let me buy a few computers. Let me run it. I ran Open CL. I know how to I I know OpenCloud better than most people. I had to get off Twitter because everybody's trying to argue me argue with me about OpenCloud this, OpenCloud that. Dude, just run it and then you'll see what I see. That led me to Chrome inside of Claude inside of Chrome. Now we're really cooking, bro. Now we're really cooking because now look at this. She's going through, she's using, she's going through the road map, the road map that you have access to, and she's figuring out which one of those strategies is best. So, you saw me before with five open claws, but now I'm going to have 8,000 clauds in Chrome. When was Claude in Chrome released? And who is it accessible to? Because maybe that's why maybe that's why I ran that poll and 80% of people said they had not used it yet. You can see here's a full breakdown. You can see she did the back test. August 2025. That's insane. They're shipping so hard. They're cooking so hard over there that they don't even mention stuff like this. Let me search for the latest information in on Claude and Chrome. Claude and Chrome was initially piloted. Okay. August 25th, it first launched with an initial cohort of a thousand max plan users. Okay. On 24 on November 24, it became available in beta beta to all max plan users. What's a max plan? On December 18th, it went to all pro, team, and enterprise. So cloud is available in beta to all paid plan subscribers. Pro, max, team, and enterprise. For team, and enterprise, admins can enable or disable. So, it's available to everybody. I mean, they're going to make it impossible for you not to pay Claude at the end of the day. At the end of the day, they're going to make it impossible for you not to be a customer cuz I've got three different instances and they can do whatever. You can think anything, dude. Researchers, uh, planners, coders, uh, your accountants, your lawyer, you all, all of these jobs are done in the browser. We're just data dogs and we're like OpenClaw run our whole computer. Okay, that's so sick. But at the end of the day, most of this stuff can be done in the browser and I haven't even downloaded the desktop app yet. I haven't even downloaded the desktop app yet. Maybe that's the next thing I need to do here today. Let's say uh Claude desktop. I'm going I'm going so much deeper. I'm going so much deeper here into Cloud because it is the best model. I mean, they have survival skills of a fart calling out China and United States of America, but you know, it is what it is. I can't control that. It's out of my control. They got the best models. They got the best tools. I'm downloading desktop. I'll let you guys know. Let me know below if you want me to do a desktop desktop overview. Bring Claude to your desktop. I'll go ahead and dive deep into it, understand it, see how it can be best used, and then from there, if you want to hear that, just comment below. Desktop