is here for trading and it's actually insane. We had some returns yesterday. Essentially, it's it's insane because I can text it from my Telegram so far. It's also insane that it can go ahead and back test for me. Let's see here. Can you go go ahead and back test a VWOP strategy um with the GitHub you have access to, but also go through all of my go through all the winning or all the winning back test back tests in that GitHub. and come up with 10 other ideas off that and then send me back a grid of the best ones. So, what am I doing? How am I running this? I'm actually running this on another computer. I have another computer right here and I am logged in via Google Chrome access or Google Chrome remote desktop. So I think that's like a pretty goated program if you don't know about it yet. So I wanted to let you know I'm using Open Claw Cloudbot whatever you want to call it um here on that computer and she says this is a massive repo. Let me read the key summary files and understand the framework then I'll spawn sub agents. Okay. So, she has which doesn't exist yada yada. But what I can do, let me look through the winning strategy reports and build a VWAP. Wait, do you have access? Do you have access to the right GitHub? Send me the link. And then also, somebody put me on to Crabwalk the other day. So, this is pretty cool because this shows you what she's actually doing. So, this is just like a repo. Maybe just installed it pretty easily. Uh, sub agent is digging through the strategy files right now. Winners list. No. Uh, Mundav trading bots. Boom. But it's not linked to a GitHub repo. Uh, remember the GitHub URL. Is it private? Nah, gang. You got access to it actually. So, this is the GitHub. Let's go to it. Mundav trading bots. GitHub. Um, Mundav Trading Bots here. Okay. I mean, you should have admin access to this. You should have access to this. I'm just sipping coffee, minding my business. Good morning. The repo is 404. I do have the copy, so we're good. Okay, so you have the repo copy. So, how did you get it, dude? So, how is it 404 if you were able to able to copy it? I added your GitHub username to it. It's Mundav Cracker is your username. GM GM GM good to see you. Good to see you. Let's see it. Let's see it. Uh, how do you have the cloud set up? Uh, I Yeah, so I use a extra computer. That's why. No git credentials. Okay. So, no SSH keys, no GitHub CLI. The local copy was probably synced from your Dropbox to actually connect to Moon Dev Cracker. I need the CLI tool or the GLI, but it doesn't matter for now. No. But the thing is, I want to figure out what's going on. So, I gave you the access token to GitHub. So, maybe that's how GM Ralph, good to see you. Good to see you, Nicholas. What was it called again? The Google, it's called um Google It's called Google Chrome Remote Desktop. So, this allows you to tap into any desktop you have that connected on. So, what I did is I just connected Google Chrome remote desktop to my computer and now I'm calling it from this computer. So, I don't have any record of GitHub token in my memory. It might be in a previous session that got wiped with new. Yeah. Can you drop the token again? I'll set up off. I don't know if I can drop you the token again, bro. What's up with your memory? You didn't save it somewhere. Anyways, you have a duplicate of that GitHub anyway. We got it yesterday. So, you are good to go with this project. So, I'm just learning how to use a claw bot, be honest. I mean, this is day two for me. Yeah. Yep. Exactly. The full code base is locally right now. We're good. Sub agent is still grinding through the strategies. So, she's still cooking, bro. She's still cooking. You can see crabwalk. This shows sub agent. Now, I have a comprehensive understanding of both the winning strategies. Um, so sick. And I think claw claw crab walk is pretty sub. Um, you have any issues with whisper? Yeah, I'm not able to use whisper. So, that's why I'm typing like a two-year-old. I'm not able to use whisper here. Not when I'm tapped in like this. But actually, I can I can just use my other computer. Research is done. Let me pull it up. I want you to go deeper than this, dude. I want you to go way deeper. I want 20 more back tests. Okay? So, based off of the things that are working for you now, I want you to go give me 20 new back tests. Go ahead and launch Parallel Agents, and I want you to go ahead and send me back the data that I need to know. So I want to see the return, the draw down, the sharp, the sortino, the EV, etc. of the top back test that you find. So let's step on the Gatsby. Is it better than clog code? It's using clog code. So you can see I have my laptop right here. So I can just talk to her that way instead of trying to type. I know the typing is really, really bad. It's really bad, bro. My typing game weak. It's weak, dude. But I got it installed yesterday. I got it installed. It was that on my new profile. I didn't have um Whisper on it. What up, James? What up, Foopa? How are you? Could you build a skill that adds voice to their chat box or should we just wait? I I just It's just because I'm on my Chrome access that my whisper doesn't work cuz again, like I'm on one laptop right now and you're seeing my other laptop. I'm just logging in through Chrome remote access, but I actually have that other laptop right here. So, I can just use Whisper through that. That's what I'm going to do. And yesterday, I thought it was totally cooked. Like, you couldn't use Whisper with it, but I'm just slow and I hadn't installed Whisper yet into this new profile. Okay, that's another thing I do. So, this is a laptop that I actually use. Like, I use on the couch cuz I got an expensive ass laptop that I run the stream on and it was like 3500. The most I've ever spent on a computer actually. And then week one, my dog bit through the screen. So, it's not a laptop anymore. It is a uh pretty much MacBook. It's pretty much a Mac Mini, Mac Stew. So, I got to use my other laptop. I use it all the time. But I went ahead and opened a new profile on Mac. You can have different profiles. Keep things independent because everybody's scary about using their real one. I got a I got a poodle. She is so freaking cute. She about 5 lbs. It's probably a OP in there trying to trying to find me. And that's okay because I'm ready. I'm ready. She going to bite you, dude. She going to bite your little ankles. See, most people have to get dogs for protection, but I don't need protection. I don't need protection. Yeah, everybody thinks I'd have a big dog, but I'm the big dog. I'm the data dog, Ralph. I'm the big dog. The data dog is here. I'll protect my little my little shorty. Pretty cute, though. I think that uh James has a couple as well. James iPhone. I think he's got a couple of those little cuties if I remember correctly. Right. James guy used to have a good good photo of both of his cute little dogos. I just love love love dogs now. Love them. Okay. Uh Xcode CLI needs a guey popup to install. What you talking about? You good? You good, bro? You still cooking? Okay, let's see. Crabwalk. Okay, she says 3 minute 51 seconds. So, this is supposed to tell us what is what's going on here. But to be honest, it's like stuff from yesterday as well, which is weird. You can see 100 back tests done in 6 minutes. Here's the TLDDR. That's like That's the type of work that I like to see done, dude. And of course, this is only day two, so I I got to really figure out how to uh use this thing like to max power. But at the end of the day, the first thing, of course, I'm going to go to is the RBI system because the RBI system is how I keep myself focused. So, I told you I'd give you the road map and all that good stuff. Let me go ahead and drop that in the chat. But uh this is the strategy I follow to chase Jim Simons the $ 31 billion man. Process of automating your trading starts with the research of trading strategies. Then you back test those strategies. See if they actually work in the past. So that's exactly what I started to have Clawbot do because this is what I do. You know just replace me claw claw open claw whatever the [ __ ] your name is. So you need to install. What are you talking about? Ceued. Okay. Um what is she doing? Is she doing anything? Task complete. She says, "Here's what I found. Task complete. 12:27. That's not today." This is a interesting thing about this uh crab walk is that it keeps stuff from yesterday. So, I'm not understanding the flow of this entirely yet, but again, this is all new to me. Um, so that's good. That's good. That's good. We're pushing the edge. RBFI for test. Would you incorporate F? Yeah, I just keep it simple though. Um, so my I is like implement, but it's low-key incubate. So this is a key word right here, tiny size, and this pretty much acts as my forward test, right? Because with Hyperlid, you can test, you can run bots with $10, and then so I just run it for like a month, maybe a little longer. I just want to see it at least kind of match up to the back test. And if it does, then I'll scale up. So, um I don't want to overwhelm any anybody with like RBF um OOS out of sample tests. I So, I just try to keep it simple for me and everybody else. Uh RBI. Yes, you can go much deeper on robustness. That's for sure. Exactly. Exactly. So, here we go. Look at that. I love it, bro. You still got that image? That's far. Let's get it. Claude, Apple, and Mundave. Let's get it. So, Python 3.12 works with pandas. Okay. Numpai missing ta lib. Oh, we got to install it then, bro. Want me? I want you to do it all, bro. I want you to do it all. Yes, we need back testing. For sure. We need tib for sure. Let's get it. 20 more strategies after that. Yes. Okay. Good. Good. I got whisper flow back. Today is gonna be better than yesterday because we got whisper back. The bases have your system. I know, bro. I love that image. RBI, baby. And you've got the evolve system with the incubate in there. I like incubate makes more sense to be real, but it took me four years to get to that word because I'm slower than most. Slower than most. Where can I get the GitHub at? SJ, what's up, bro? S I don't know what that means, but I think it means like thank you. S, what language is that? Everything's live now. Let me build the Python back testing suite with 20 new strategies based on what we learned. Extreme mean reversion plus volume plus accumulation patterns dominate spawning parallel agents to build. So she's cooking. Let's see if she's Let's see what Crabwalk's looking like. Okay, so you can see Crabwalk went ahead and launched these parallel agents. Okay, I see how this is working. I'm confused why it shows yesterday's stuff, but that's okay. I don't need to know everything. Aussy slang. Okay. Means thank you. That's right. Okay. Thank you, bro. You're welcome. Um the GitHub is not public right now. If you're already a member, you're a lifetime member, then you should have access to it. If you're not, um I can talk about that at the end if I get a bunch of requests, but I can't have it public anymore, unfortunately. I got hacked. Crabwalk is fire. Great find. Thank you. That's actually the reason I log in. I log in with you guys every single day is because I don't know anything. You guys know way more than me. This is a collective, bro. So, somebody put me on to this yesterday because I was trying to rebuild something to see what the hell is going on. Like, what is she doing? And somebody was like, "Yo, crabwalker." Just like somebody was like, "Yo, open claw." Just like somebody was like, "Yo, cursor." Just like somebody was like, "Yo, Solana's printing." Just like somebody was like, "Yo, Claw Cove." So, I just follow you guys. I appreciate you. Thank you. 777. So, you can see we got multiple sub agents here. And the thing is, I don't think I'm using the API. I don't think I'm using the API, dude. I don't know if I'm going to get cooked for that. I don't know. I I like I thought this was supposed to be super expensive, but it seems like there's a workaround. And don't tell anybody. If you guys tell on me, Yeah. I'm a I'm a sick Apple on you. I'mma send my dog on you. I did a mini version of what you got in your stream just like an hour ago. Okay. Yeah, I'm kind of in the exploratory phase right now. So, I'm just trying to see like how to use this as everybody's hyping it up so so hard. Vibe can ban. Okay. Thank you, dude. I wanted to I wanted to have that one. Vibe canban. Vibe can ban. More fire in the chat. Orchestrate AI coding agents. I've heard of this. So move faster with cloud code. Vibe Cambban lets you run coding agents in parallel without conflicts and perform code reviews through our diff tool. Now you can focus on planning and quality instead of watching terminal loggies. Okay. >> Hi, I'm Louis. Hey Lou some point soon coding agents but we need better tools to help us plan and review work being done by these agents. So today we're launching Vive Canva new tool human coding agent collaboration that turns everyone into a CTO. First, let's create a new task in Vibe Canvan's backlog. Our coding agent is now working on that in the background. But while we wait, I'm going to start a few more tasks that will run in parallel. We can follow along with the agents logs, and any changed code is visible in the diff tab. This looks good. I'm going to go ahead Dev to manually test the change. >> Looks like Ford one shot it. >> One shot. And so the process continues. Okay. Um, what's a diff though? That's the question. How are we we cooking over here still? Yeah. My question is what's a diff? Three parallel agents deployed. Uh, 10 new strategies, deep VWAP, oversold bounce, volume, uh, capitulation, etc. Batch two, 10 more strategies. Okay. Optimizer parameter sweeping VWAP. Okay. So, she's cooking. She's cooking. And now, yeah. How are you guys using open claws? The question cuz right now I'm just throwing in the RBI. I could have her start like running or building bots for sure, but you know, once you put real money behind it, it's like I kind of like her as a researcher better because then she can just bubble up ideas and then data dog can go ahead and implement them. That's kind of how I'm looking at it. I'm not like uh necessarily just trying to yolo. I don't I don't really believe in that. The whole like AI trading for you. I think AI is a good researcher at this point, but maybe someday. Maybe. I know a lot of people want that. AI to just make us a billion dollars. Yeah, that's what I'm thinking. Ralph says, "I'd keep it a as a researching tool." I'm kind of I'm with you, dude, because you know it's it's super easy to get good results. Like I can I can sit here all day and find a bajillion% returns. Like we all know that you can optimize and search forever and find anything good. But I think it's better for her to do that and then I go ahead and run robustness test or she run she can run the robustness test actually. But you know keep her as a quant researcher and then I'll be quant data dog data dev because you know I got to have something to do bro. I got to have something. I can't just let Cloudbot do everything. Uh, what data is it testing on though? Uh, it's a it's testing on an array of like BTC data, ETH data. Sounds fire. Three agents working at the same time. Hm. Wouldn't you need like a supercomputer for that? I'm thinking 16 GB. I'm at 16 GB of RAM, I think. Maybe I'm at 32. I might be at 32, but I'm not running this. Um, I'm using cloud. I'm not This isn't uh local models. These these are not local models. These are not local models. Yeah. So, I'm kind of wondering why um people are buying these big Macs. You know, I looked into it. I was like, "Okay, should I buy two of these Macs here?" Does anybody know the answer to that? Like, other than running Kimmy 2, but like Kimmy 2, it sounds like Kimmy 2 is not anywhere near where Claude's at. So, these Macs are like I was looking at this uh studio cuz I seen everybody else buying these and stacking them on top of each other to save money on API credits. But then you see like damn, bro, this is 10 racks. 10 racks goes pretty far in API credits. And if you can figure something that prints money, then I think it's a better play to just spend a couple racks on Claude, right? spend a couple racks on cloud. If you figure something out that prints money and you need your at home stuff, I mean, if it prints money, you can pay for the API and it's faster and better. But if it prints money not hard enough and you need to buy this, like what I want to what I want to see, I want to see you print some cash and then I'll go ahead and invest in hardware. I would probably pay double here to to use Mac because I'm a Mac guy and you're literally paying double because you can build your own PC for much less. I get that. But I would probably pay double. But that's my thought process. It's like what the hell you are people why why why so you can run Kimmy 2 on something that like is cool. This is neat. This is neat. But is it printing yet? I don't know. Task successful. Task successful. That's another thing. Cloud Space, dude. I could go ahead and instead of buying this, I can go ahead and use Lambda Labs. Lambda Labs or another one. There's a cheaper one. I can't think of the name right now. The Vast AI. Boom. Nice. Nice ad, dude. You can use Lambda Labs or Vast AI. Load your own Kimmy 2 model on there. Pay a couple dollars per hour and boom. That's way cheaper than buying your own Mac. So, it's just like I I lowkey convinced myself to buy two of these. And then I slept on it and I was like, "Well, 20 G's, I can do some nasty nasty things with 20 G's. I could have I could have Kimmy 2 run in here and let all of you guys use it for like a couple hundred bucks." Purely FOMO, bro. People getting rinsed on the hype. I think so. I think so, Ralph. You got to turn some cash over first. Exactly. I agree with your plan. Lambda Labs is the next phase. Okay. Thank you, James. Working with local models and configuring Open Claw to GLM 4.7 works out really nicely. I got a Mac Mini just to keep it separate from my main machine. Okay. Bash, what uh what type of specs did you get on that Mac Mini? Like in order to run GLM? I think I did that. I think I ran GLM on Lambda Labs and it was super freaking easy to set up and then you can just have like a local API if you don't want to have a public one and but I understand having the hardware too. It's just like okay it's kind of like it's it's cool. It's sci-fi, right? It's like yeah, I'm going to have this AI working for me for free forever even though I just dropped 20 racks on two of these Macs. I'm not afraid to spend, but I just want to make sure that it's it's not just a FOMO spent. FOMO. You can run it on a VPS. Exactly. Lambda Labs is so sick. I'm so glad we did that um grammatical evolution stuff because I got really good at using these cloud services to run big models and now I have this in our my bag and I I hope you have it in your bag too because I showed you everything. So if you were locked here, you saw exactly how to use these Lambda Labs and literally all these big computers people are buying, people are building, they're they're right here and there. It takes 2 seconds to deploy to them. Whatever big models you have, whatever big projects you have, it's so easy, dude. It's so easy. Drop the local mod local Claude model for real. If we could get access to that, that would be sick. And I think that's the that's the thing, dude. Nothing compares to Claude right now. Okay, all three agents are done and the master report is compiled at masters.mmd. Here's the TLDDR. So, the winners, 26,832%. Oh, I'm gonna make those boys mad on the outside. Let me go ahead and copy this for my thumbnail and all my tweets for the next 24 hours. How about that? How about everything I say about Claw is going to be how she printed me 28 26,000%. And I get them so so mad that the ops end up in here. And I love it. I need your ideas. Good, bad, ugly, I don't care. I need everybody's ideas. I want your mind, bro. I want your mind. I can't get into your mind. You're from a different place than me. VWAP plus double stoke. So, 26,000 obviously overfit. Nine trades in 25 years. What the hell? Jesus. VWAP plus Stoke. Okay. What I want you to do here is this. I think that you need better data. So, how can I get her some better data? Dude, I have a lot of good data. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, I want you So, I want you to download some data and put it in a data folder that we can use forever, even if we clear the memory. So, if you go to mundave.com/data and you use this API key, you're going to be able to download Bitcoin data and Ethereum data. Try to buy get some uh two-year data on the 4 hour, get some fiveyear data on the daily, get some 10-year data on the daily, get some three-year data on the hourly of BTC and ETH from here. And here's the API key in order to do that. When you get to moon.com/data, there is that API key request. So, let's go ahead and give her that. And actually before I do that, let me get the new data for you guys because I'm sorry I I just stepped on the gas today. Um, essentially every single day you come through here, not every day, but right now the way only way to get access to the Mundav API that is the hyperlquid data layer is to come through here on the Zooms. You know, $1,000 API. You're going to get it for free. Okay. So, let's go ahead and say please go ahead and make a new API key. Thank you. So, I'm talking to my node right now. Uh, as you may have known, I built a hyperlquid data node and um, every day you come through, I give you a API key and it resets. So, I'm going to reset it right now and then slide it on over to you, buddy boy. Let's get it. Let's get it. Okay, so she should be done here in a second. Doesn't take too long. Okay, here's the old key. Old key deactivated. New key activated. Okay, let's go ahead and make sure the uh the public can't see this real quick. I can't show them my key. So, let's go hide that key for a second. This will be active for the next like 24 hours or so. Um, here's the key. Don't show that key again. Just take it, save it somewhere, and go get that data from moonv.com/data. And then let's go ahead and test all of those strategy strategies again with all of these new data sets that you got and then give me the uh full results, the master results again. So you made some good strategies. I want you to have better data based off BTC and Ethereum. And this is how you get the data. And when you log in, that is the API key to give.com/data. Let's get it. [ __ ] That's not going to work. All right. So, I want you to go ahead and go to moonab.com/data and download that data and then test it against this um these strategies that you just created. These strategies look good, but I want you to have better data. I want you to use the BTC and Ethereum data that I mentioned. We'll just stick with those two symbols and then test them against these strategies and have a bunch of agents run this so it's fast and then go ahead and update the master results and give me a new read me. I got to do that on my other computer. So, I'm going to keep forgetting about that. You good? Damn, bro. So, go ahead and get the data from moonab.com/data now. You know, I want you to use that BTC and the ETH data. Save it somewhere and then run these back tests again. Uh, you made some good back tests, but I want you to have some good BTC ETH data. And this is our data source here at moonundep.com/data. You just need that API key that everybody has access to um that is in this live stream, but nobody else does. So, it's like 10 20 of us. Uh, we have a huge data edge and you are the leader of this data edge. So, go download that data, save it, and then go run it against these new strategies and then go ahead and send me back the full results including the TLDDR. Let's get it. Okay. So, I'm sending her that and then I need to send you the API key as well, bro. Send. Okay. Okay. Um, let's get her out of here. So, she Let's go ahead and put this key in. Let's see if it works in my Quant app. If it works in my Quant app, it should work in yours. Okay, let's go ahead and put it in. I accept full responsibility. You're a DJ if you're trading by hand. All right, I'm about to drop the trippy kit, bro. You can see she's opening up the website right now. Look, she opened up moonundave.comdata where we have that data that you have access to too, dude. So, you can see everything you have access to if you're in the Zoom right now. And if you're not in the Zoom, then jump in before uh I'm off here today. And you do get the API. You get the API key, you get everything. You get the quant app, you get the replay, and you don't have ads. If you're on the outside, I literally have to show you ads because at the end of the day, you guys are my ops. If you're on the outside, if you're not going to join for five bucks, I literally don't want you to see this stuff because somebody on the outside hacked me. So, one of you is an op. So, I throw you on a 12minute ad. Jump in. It's five bucks. There's a 100% money back guarantee. No questions asked. You get the API key. You get the quant app. You get the replay from today, the replay from yesterday. Adar says, "It's the best five bucks I've ever spent." Let's get it. Okay. 12m minute timeout for you. You boys on the outside. And I'm sorry. Here's the link in the chat. There is so much I have to show you here today. Every single day I'm live, but I do private lives in Zoom now. So, if you want to chat with me and you want to see all the code, you can see like some of the code is blocked from your screen. I just block it with this little thing here. Um, the reason is I got hacked the other day and it's because some I showed something on my screen. So, there are prying eyes that I can't I can't let see everything. You can still listen to me, of course, and you'll get some uh you know, there'll be some breaks that you won't be able to see everything, right? Um I'll I'll keep the live open for YouTube, but there's going to be a block on my screen and there's going to be um these segments where I tell you about jumping into the private stream because if you jump into the private stream, there's a link. It's at mundave.com and you're going to get an API key to Hyperlquid's data layer that I built here. And this is a direct node and you literally can't get this data anywhere else besides the API key that I drop in the live stream. So you can see I'm able to see all liquidation levels. I'm able to see uh Binance liquidations. I'm able to see OKX liquidations, everybody's liquidations. I'm able to watch HLP. HLP is Hyperlid's market maker. I get to see every single one of their trades. I also get to see every single um win loss analysis of every single trader. So you can see this trade history of anybody. So I can just call anybody's address on Hyperlquid and see exactly what trades they've made and when they're making trades. This is stuff. This is like a institutional grade API that will cost more than $1,000 per month and you actually get access when you join one of my live streams. So every live stream I put down an API key. But not only that, you also get the full replay. Everybody wants replays of my lives and you get a full free replay. All you have to do is go to moonondev.com and you're going to get a replay of yesterday's stream which was $5 and today's stream. So, it's just five bucks and you get all of that. But you also get this API key. And I said this is going to be $1,000 plus per month. You can see I have a smart money call. So things that Wall Street is looking at I we can all see with this API key. It's Hyperlquid's data layer that I built because I believe uh it needs a better API in order to call things faster. I was building out the quant app here that is essentially looking at people's liquidations and I ran into the problem like I need this data faster. So I launched a node and then I made it available for everybody that comes into the Zooms each day. But again, they're private Zooms only because I've got people that are watching my screen looking for me to drop a key, drop a AP I, whatever, and just some sort of vulnerability. I got hacked. So, I just can't show this live on YouTube anymore. So, I cover my screen again like this. I'll just have this up pretty much all day. Uh, these are my stats from the previous week. Uh, you can see my stats there. uh since everybody in YouTube, they seem to just be coming by to see uh what's in my pocket. So, um since I started trading with the Quant app, which is pretty much my 5 years of experience built into a downloadable app, I did this because first off, I don't believe in hand trading. I'm an automated trader. But I looked at the data and everybody's still using 40x leverage. And I looked at I have over 150,000 people now follow me, 100,000 on YouTube, 50,000 on Twitter, and only a small small percentage ever took me up on the offer of learning how to code. I teach you how to code and then automate your trading. I used to teach that stuff. Um, but only a tiny tiny percentage actually did did that. They actually joined the boot camp and then out of that maybe 50% of them actually completed the boot camp. So, I have the data that 99% of people are just trading by hand using 40x leverage. So, I'm trying to solve this problem, the 40x leverage problem. Uh, so I'm doing a little bit of kind of hand trading. I'm not able to enter positions without liquidations happening. So, I'm really just taking over people's liquidations. And why am I taking over people's liquidations? It's because that Hyperlid, that's their strategy. So, if you go to Hyperlquid here and you go to Vaults here, their HLP provider, they put in $1,000 into this HLP provider and it's at $18. That's why I built out this data layer to watch every single one of their moves. I know exactly what positions they're they're doing. This is the HLP dashboard. I I know exactly when they're entering, when they're exiting, where they're sitting. I have a bunch of calls that will go ahead and just keep me uh into the know of what they're doing. Plus every other trader on Hyperlid. Hyperlid opened up the financial system for the entire world. And before this, there was no way for us to see where people get liquidated. So based off of this premise, I've built some really great automated trading strategies. And since I am here now building for the public, building for those 40x hand traders, I built the Quant app and I'm using that liquidation strategy or one of the liquidation strategies. Of course, there's still intuition here. So, it's not like you can download this Quant app and make a million dollars. No way. There's still some experience and intuition, but this puts like bumpers around your trading. You know, there's risk controls here. I can never use more than X amount of my account. I can't lose more than 3% of my account in a day. Things like that that are just hard to do as a hand trader. I built into the coin app, but I think the main feature is buying and selling around people's liquidations. Nobody can predict price. And if you think you can, you're probably going to get smoked. I think by now you realize that, hey, within like a 1 2% range, it's really hard to predict price. So instead of predicting price, I'm predicting which liquidation to buy. So, for example, I could say when this guy gets liquidated right here, I will buy a portion of my portfolio, but instead of just saying, "Hey, I'm going to buy now or sell now." I'm just waiting for somebody to get licked. So, it's just a quantitative approach I'm trying to build into a downloadable app because I realize 99% of people are still trading by hand and still using 40x leverage. So, if that's the biggest problems trader traders have, that was my biggest problem. I was getting liquidated when I was using leverage, but now I'm three plus weeks in using 40x leverage. And if you go look at my Twitter or on my screen right now, you can see that this week I I had a a nice return. I used 10K max size. So a $4,900 or $4,900 return is about 49%. That's amazing. Is it going to work for you? I don't know. I can't guarantee your results. I don't know how you trade. I don't know how risky you are, but I know that for me with 40x leverage, I wouldn't last more than 3 days and I'd be staring at the screen the entire time. So, so far so good. It's It's helped me last 3 weeks and I'm up instead of blown up. So, I don't know. But what this led me to was, hey, I need these liquidation this liquidation data way faster. With the API, you can you can't get this data this fast. You can see how it's changing every second. I have a node launch. I'm connected to the node and that node you have all the data if you join the zooms, the private zooms because you get a free API key. You can see every single tick data. If you're trading right now algorithmically and you're not using tick data, you're just missing out on a huge edge because every tick matters. It's not about open, high, low, close, volume data. You need the tick data. So, I've got the tick data for all tokens. That's crazy. Just hit that API. So you get the API key when you join. It's only for people in the Zoom. I just launched this data layer, so we're rolling it out slowly. It's only for people in the Zoom. If you want the API key, it's only for Zoom people. You can see there's a ton of other great things here like liquidation, fetching people's positions, the top 10 closest liquidations to uh getting liquidated, positions getting liquidated. So kind of like what you see in the Quant app. But yeah, I just wanted to give you an update here. Um, you can just go to moonondav.com and sign up for the live. And the cool thing I do is I'm here usually for a couple hours at least, sometimes more, but you can see you get a free API key and that's a $4,850 value for the Hyperlquid data layer. If you want to go check out the docs as well, mundave.comdoccks. But I highly recommend just jump into the live right now because I I overloaded it with value. You might have more talent than me. You might be smarter than me. But if we get on the treadmill together, right? There's two things. You're getting off first or I'm going to die. It's really that simple. Now, the p page might look different than this if you're if it's today, but hey, you know, it's every single day around 7 a.m. Eastern. I'm here for 2 to 7 hours. And the cool thing is is if you get in before the end of the Zoom, you get yesterday's full replay as well. So you get a replay from yesterday and you get today's free replay. So if it's if you still see me on if you still see me on, you know, you can get in and you can get that day's full replay and yesterday's full replay. And then on top of that, if you get in to the Zoom before it's over, you get the API key. So every single day I'm dropping a new API key. So, that's just a nice little incentive for you to make sure to actually show up. But, as you can see, you're going to get my full private stream. This means you get to chat with me all day long. You get to ask me anything in the Zoom chat. That's the chat I look at. Those are the people that are on in the inner circle. Those are the people that I want to be speaking to. So, if you join the private live by clicking the link going to modded.com, you get for $5, a $5 foot long, you get number one, you get the Zoom access, so you get to chat with me live all day long. You get the full stream. You get to see all the code. You don't have this big thing on your screen anymore. Like, you have that on your screen. So, you can't see my code because I can't have outsiders see my code because I got hacked. So, you get the full stream access. You get Zoom chat access. You can ask me anything. Okay, those both independently are worth more than $5, right? People will pay me thousands of dollars to consult, but you get to ask me all day long questions that you have. So, jump in right now because you get the full stream, you get full chat, you get full replays. So, you get yesterday's replay as well. So, people paid five bucks to get in yesterday. You get that full replay. You get today's full replay. You get the API key if you're in the Zoom before the end of it. I'll throw the API key every single day. I put a new API key in there. You get yesterday's replay. You get today's replay. You get your ticket for today. You can ask questions. You can watch the replay anytime forever. There's a 90-day money back guarantee. So, if you're sitting on YouTube, Twitter right now, and you really want to learn from me, dude, jump into the chat right now. Jump into it's moddev.com. Jump into the Zoom chat. you get full replay access. And then on top of all that, I'm just trying to make this better and better because all I'm trying to do is are weed out the haters. I want to I only want the people that are actually here trying to build systems chasing Jim Simons. I'm building a system chasing Jim Simons. He built he ran up a net worth of $31 billion. I can't have people around me that are not serious. So, if you're serious, $5 should be absolutely nothing to you. And there's a 90-day money back guarantee. So, if you think it's a trash stream or it's not worth it or for whatever reason you didn't get a go, um it didn't work out for you, you whatever reason you want your money back, it's 100% 90-day money back guarantee. This day is going to be different every day. This this page may look a little different, but every single day we're only doing private streams because I cannot share this with the entire world. So, go there right now. Go to your browser, type in mundev.com. I promise you it'll be worth it. And if it's not, you get your money back. no questions asked. You get the free API key. You get the full stream. You get to see all the code that I was on my screen. You're not going to have this block on it anymore. You're going to be able to live chat with me. Ask me any questions. Free consulting essentially. That's insane, dude. Plus, you get the replays from yesterday and today. So, click that link, join right now, and I'll see you inside the stream. Dude, there is so much I have to show you here today. Every single day, I'm live, but I do private lives in Zoom now. So, if you want to chat with me and you want to see all the code, you can see like some of the code is blocked from your screen. I just block it with this little thing here. Um, the reason is I got hacked the other day and it's because some I showed something on my screen. So, there are prying eyes that I can't I can't let see everything. You can still listen to me, of course, and you'll get some uh you know, there'll be some breaks that you won't be able to see everything, right? Um, I'll I'll keep the live open for YouTube, but there's going to be a block on my screen and there's going to be um these segments where I tell you about jumping into the private stream because if you jump into the private stream, there's a link. It's at mundave.com and you're going to get an API key to Hyperlquid's data layer that I built here and this is a direct node and you literally can't get this data anywhere else besides the API key that I drop in the live stream. So you can see I'm able to see all liquidation levels. I'm able to see uh Binance liquidations. I'm able to see OKX liquidations, everybody's liquidations. I'm able to watch HLP. HLP is Hyperliquid's market maker. I get to see every single one of their trades. I also get to see every single um win loss analysis of every single trader. So you can see this is trade history of anybody. So, I can just call anybody's address on Hyperlquid and see exactly what trades they've made and when they're making trades. This is stuff. This is like a institutional grade API that will cost more than $1,000 per month. And you actually get access when you join one of my live streams. So, every live stream I put down an API key, but not only that, you also get the full replay. Everybody wants replays of my lives and you get a full free replay. All you have to do is go to moonondev.com and you're going to get a replay of yesterday's stream, which was $5, and today's stream. So, it's just five bucks and you get all of that, but you also get this API key. And I said this is going to be $1,000 plus per month. You can see I have a smart money call. So, things that Wall Street is looking at, I we can all see with this API key. It's hyperl. This is absolutely gross, dude. Gross. Gross. Gross. If you're on the outside, you absolutely just missed the most revolutionary thing in the world. But if you get in before the end, dude, you get the full replay, so don't worry. Ahead of the curve, Abundance says, "Let's get it." And if you're not ahead, you are at least on the wave. Bravo. So glad I found this community. Me too, dude. Me, too. So glad I found you guys. You guys found me on YouTube. Somehow I yapped so much that you guys finally clicked the freaking thumbnail and then you're like, "Okay, this guy's autistic. I [ __ ] with him. Let's get it. Let's get it. I'mma test everything. I'mma see what's popping. I'mma test it in quant." So, there's something new. Okay, let me see if I can apply it to Quant. Okay, I got 550 recovered here. Let's go ahead and now run the uh refund tool. We're switching over here to Solana. not switching, but we're doing both, you know. Let's see if she said anything back. Okay, she's cooking. So, 10,00ate run finished. Okay, the problem is this. Okay, you fix that. I'm going to click over here. I got things to do, too. That arb. Let's go ahead and look into these. Please go ahead and look into my results here of these stat orbs. Uh there are four of them and I will explain them all so you understand what the starting point is and what they're at now. And when I say starting point, I mean the capital that was in there. I think three out of four have been losing, but one has actually been doing kind of well. So I want you to be able to look at these actual stats here and then uh let me know what you're seeing combined with your CSVs. But the CSVs have been a little janky to be real. So, uh, you know, the starting amounts is probably the most important thing to look at compared to the current amount. So, pull the current equity and compare it to the starting equity and show me that for all four of them. Okay. Thank you. Now, what four are you talking about, borrow? I was going to say horror, but that's just [ __ ] up. Damn. I said it. All right. Don't get me caffeinated in the morning and give me a mic. Don't get me Don't give me coffee and a mic every single morning for five years. I'm going to say some [ __ ] up [ __ ] and then somebody's going to hold it against me and I'm going to say, "Fuck you, too, cuz you're a OP, bro. If you're not on the inside, you're an OP." Okay, so Topula here started at 87.16. Gazian here started at 77.02. 02 for leg started at 77.46 and then regular 2 started at 9146 on this most recent test. So please go ahead and analyze all of those. They are in the JAN folder. Thank you. So I got Cloud Code cooking. I got Clawbot cooking. We cooking. Let's get it. Kenny K dot. We got K dot and we got Kflow. What was that dude's name though? Kflow music. We got liquidations coming through too. ETH lick. So, okay. Sick. Closable remaining. Let's see what I closed. So, these are these are accounts that I closed on Solana. I'm assuming my Solanabots are getting absolutely cooked right now. I don't even want to look into them. So, let's look into them. I don't even want to look at it, bro. To be real, I don't even want to look at it. Oh, let's look at these as well. So, we do have two different uh bots here running and they're called um Lick Momentum, which is on account three that started with $100. Go look at the current equity and see how it's doing. You know, that's the easiest way. You also have CSVs, but they're a little janky. So, I think the biggest way to see if they're doing well is saying, "Hey, it started with $100." Lick Momentum. That's on account three. Okay, what's it that now? Now, we also have lick momentum rp.y and that one started at 93.20. So, doing a full analysis of how these are doing and you have the starting amount. So, the easiest way to see is to see the ending amount and then investigate the CSV to see the trades if there's anything we can do better. But again, remember the CSV trades are a little janky. K dot. It's not Kot. I know. I know Kate way too well to be K flow, but we got Kenny in here. We got two K's in here. We can't have another one though or she getting smoke. I'mma say I'mma say cracker on you. If I see another K here, I'm saying cracker on you, bro. Okay, let's see how she's doing here. So, V2 is cooking 100 unique templates. Let's get it. She's cooking 100 unique templates covering every strategy family from your repo. Williams, stochastic, CCI, Ballinger bands, EMA crosses, SARS, ULSC, volumebased momentum, candlestick patterns, ATR, Fibonacci. Okay, I think I have a project for her next. Kamp. Yep. Kamp. Kamp. Kamp. That's it. Thank you, dude. Thank you, Jimmy. Kamp, you guys remember Kamp? I always every time I've seen Kayflow for the last two years, I think of K camp. He actually said he had some bangers. He had some bangers. He had some definite bangers. Okay, let's see what's happening with our stat arb. Here's the full breakdown. So, all down bad now. Oh, that's too bad. Is this really at 79 now? Regular two's at 79. Oh, that's my bad. That's my bad. Okay, I can't even connect to it. But um okay, so let's assume for regular two, let's assume I moved $11 over to spot. So adjust for that and then run it back. Still down, though. Still down. For regular two, let's assume that I I spent or I sent $11 to spot because I was doing some testing with some things. So still down. Okay, so these are all down bad. Not terribly. It's down 3% 3.6% 2.1% 46%. Um, this one's down I don't know how much. Okay, let's see. Down 1.62%. So, I'll have to look at that transfer to see if it's a little different. But regardless, it's at best break even, but the market's actually getting smoked right now. So, I don't know. We'll see how that works in a a trending market. I'm going to keep an eye on this. Regular is basically flat. Okay. Four leg is the next best. That changes the picture significantly. Regular 2 goes from the worst performer to roughly middle of the pack. Still down, but only 130. So, these did get better up here. Let's see in my notes. Let's look at my notes. Eopula change the stop. Gazian not touched. Okay, I'm going to write some notes here. I want these to keep running though. These are still running and I moved $11 from my regular two to spot and I need to send it back. But the problem is is I'm using Clawbot on the computer I would do that for. So see what Krabby's doing. She's still cooking. Yes, she is. Agent batch 780 78 but none catastrophically. So they're all within a.5 and 3.7 draw down range. These are stat arbs, so they're going long and short. That's why they're not doing as bad as the market is. Everything else is absolutely crushed. These are less crushed. So, that's good. It's going to take some while to tweak, but I'm happy we're able to actually tweak these. Now, >> this is what's called machine learning. So, you find things that are predictive. You might guess, oh, such and such should be predictive, might be predictive. Then you test it out in the computer. Maybe it is, maybe it isn't. You test it out on longterm historical data and uh price data and other things. And then you add to the system this if it if it works. And if it doesn't, you you throw it out. >> You throw it out. There aren't elaborate equations. At least not for at least not for not for Okay, let's see what's going on with our extended bots here. So, the lick momentum started at 93, but it's down to 92.56. So, 69% down. This bot is basically flat. It's taken 13 trades. Clean data, no duplicate logs, profit factor 0.94. So, it's losing money. The reversal protection filter is doing its job. It's keeping trade count low and avoiding bad entries. The problem is the average loss is bigger than the average win. So, even at 50% win rate, it's slightly under underwater. Well, that's easy to fix. So, let's do that fix. So, for the first one, I think the simple fix is to adjust the TPSL. Do some math behind there and see what that should be. I mean, I think I just need to make it more like even. So, lick momentum account 3 started with 100. CSV is cooked. It says it's down 303, but it's misleading. Um, let's see what the actual value is here. Real trades 47.4. Hey, four five. The CSVPN is not correct. Well, dude, come on. And for the hyper momentum, remember, grab the grab the actual balance so we can see, you know, it started with $100 and we if we have the actual balance, then we can see how well it's doing. Okay, I'll send that next. Let's see here. I think I'm good here. I need to let this keep running and see how it does in just all markets. So, I just want to run it for a while. I mean, it's it's very minimal cash. I put in like 80 bucks of her account, 70 bucks. So, I want to just let this run for a while. Kind of what we were talking about earlier. Um, I let my bots run for a while with small size because that's a simple way to kind of forward test and test it in actual markets opposed to just back testing. Now, I know I get a lot of I get a lot of uh slack here with uh back testing and throwing results at you guys um because I throw the 71,000%. So, I'll get you mad and then you'll jump into the Zoom. So, let's get it. Oh my goodness. So, she's still cooking. Do we have any results yet? I know you're working on a thousand. Here we go. Okay, we got a bunch of results. Sweet. So, this is the open claw here. But before I do that, I want to get this going. Where is she? Want app? So, I want a copy trader. Okay, here we go. Let's go ahead here and get her back. I had to reset my computer. That's okay. Okay. So, what I want you to do here is we have copied we have bought 26 py and essentially just know that I want you to do a full analysis of how it's doing. I think it's cooked but we'll see essentially what I started with $200 USDC and $100 of Solana. So, you can just quickly easily see based off of the actual balances in my wallet if it's up or down and how down it is. plus if there's any CSV data to look at and that we can learn from and make better. Okay, thank you. Go. So, this is a copy bot that is really just taking very minimal shots, dollar size, just so I can see everything here. Let's see if I still have it up. I don't think I do. Oh my god, dude. I term. Yes, I do. Of course, it's right here. So, let's say T. No, not R, bro. Not R. T. Okay. And then run it. No, that's not it either, bro. What is this? Why would you show that multi? Let's go here and pull this actual code up. Code dot. Okay. K.Code dot. Okay. So, this should be in the what was this called? Mundave portfolio dashboard. portfolio dash copy path. Okay, so I got iTerm here and I'm using iTerm in this instance because of um clickable links which are nice to have and regular terminal does not have that doesn't have that doesn't have that I see some new people coming in so I'm going to drop all the party favors here I just wanted to ask if the replay is going to be available Google converted me my time to European time so 1 hour late and I'd like to start and start plays please yes you'll get the replay on the same page that you joined. You guys are on time. I just started early, but you know, it be like that sometimes. It's war, you know. So, I got to throw you guys off every once in a while. I got to say we're starting now and then I'll start an hour earlier because it's war time, baby. I'll send you a replay, though. I might say it starts at 8 and then show up like 8 hours later or eight hours early. It's my bad. I'm just not uh I'm just not a cog. I can't do that life. I can't I can't make commitments like that. I don't want to listen to anybody. I don't want to listen to my boss. I don't want to report to anybody. So, sometimes I wake up too early and I'm like, "Let's get it an hour early." But I'll send you the replay. Um, thanks for coming through. I don't apologize for jumping on early, but let's get it. Uh, let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Come on, bro. Come on. Lock in. Jameson. Jameson's late again. He's late again. Two days in a row. Okay. So, now I have all the data. Here are the results. Mooney strategy factor v2 factory v2 final results 800 strategies tested 91 of 100 templates produced trades wow 217 second run time so we have ADX rising is an average return of 1,263% with the average draw down okay all right sharps aren't very good this is a lot of data on BTC so you is smoked on sharp ratios. Global 10 leaderboard here. BB squeeze 496. What are these scores? 3,44 7,000 Wow, dude. Open claw. Let's take some notes here. Just want to keep all these notes. See what else is here. Every single top 10 strategy is consistent. But let's see this three dominate dominant strategies. I want to do some robustness testing on this because you already know like this is too good to be true, right? 80x plus MACD 20 out of 25 BB squeeze. Okay, I got some ideas. So, let's do some robustness tests here. Uh, one thing I want to see is okay, what are the best strategies across multiple data sets? I feel like that makes it more robust, right? But other things you can test are like out of sample um BDK or whatever you call it. Any and any other robustness test you see fit. Just take our best ones and test these things. Launch agents to test them and then come back with the fire. Let me know what's actually what's actually robust. Of course, a lot of these are going to be overfit and that's okay. But you can really step on the gas with as many agents as you want, dude. And you can do all these robustnesses. I could too. But damn, it's going to take me way longer than you. You're the goat. Let's get it, bro. Okay. So, I'm going to have her do that in a sucky. Okay. BB squeeze here. I just want to see if there's any ideas that I want to pull from this EMA over slow EMA. The safest play is BB squeeze breakout. Only 23% draw down. Okay, 52% win rate, lower returns. Number eight is the absolute monster, 7,547%. So all of these top few ones that you pointed out like the BB squeeze breakout, the MACD plus EMA, the ADX, MACD, all our top ones we want to do these robustness on. We don't need to do them on all of them, of course. Art, what's up, bro? Good to see you, dude. best skill is only developed by hours and hours and hours on your >> hours and hours and hours of beating on my craft. Let's get it. Okay, so we got Claw in the top left and then we got Moonbot in the top right, bottom right. So the regular 2's real starting point is closer to 80.46, which means this. Okay, let's go look at the Solana stuff. Solana copy trader. Here we go. So the verdict, it's cooked. uh remaining USDC is 37 47 uh 31 open positions 98 total 146 that's minus 53 from the so USD alone and before accounting for solonic gas fees with 1,131 closed positions key findings the good copperat is a 32x so copper cat is a 32x a few others are multibaggers 2 copper enu 11xmis 6x the bad 11 positions are pure dust. 1,131 positions were closed. Mostly at stops given the SL is set to 60%. Every single tracked wallet in the leaderboard is negative. So Solana is still cooked, but I have to be the one to test it because you guys are watching. So why not me spend the money to test this and see when Solana comes back? If it comes back, I still believe it's the best casino out there. Obviously, we need retail. The reason I think it's the best casino is because retail comes in with 40 bucks and they're trying to make a million dollars. But the trenches are cooked and I'll keep testing. I'll keep testing. Key findings. Uh the bad why it's losing the $1 position size is brutal for fees. That's facts. Gas plus slippage on each trade eats up a huge percentage of the $1. You're paying maybe 5 to 10 cents per trade. So, we're paying 5 to 10%. 60% stop loss and 49% take profit. Profit is wildly asymmetric. You lose 60 cents often and almost never hit a 49x. The TP is basically unreachable for pump fund [ __ ] coins. That's capping. Don't cap. Don't cap with me now, buddy. We've been here before. We've tested this before. This is the way. 49x is the way. Okay. So, the wallets you're copying aren't aren't profitable. There are all 11 wallets are negative. You're copy trading losers. What would make it better? The wallet selection is the number one problem. Need to find wallets that actually have positive P&L before copy trading them. The TPSL ratio needs rethinking. 49xTP. Not listening to that. Position size. Okay, that's fine. The way I got off on this though is is simple. I see everything. I see everything in this this scanner here. So, let's go ahead and look into some of them while she is cooking. Stress test is in two. The only strategy that survived. Can you send me the data of I I need a table of all the data that the stress test did so I can analyze this as a data dog as well. Thank you. What the hell? Bro, send me that. Send me that data, dude. I'm a data dog. You think I just want to sit here with no data dog? Stop it. Don't play with me. Don't play with me, dude. She playing. Why is she playing with me? Playing with my emotions. Playing with my emotions. Okay. Cross time frame stress test full data set. Okay. So, this is good. So, this is the ADX plus MACD combo. The reason I wanted to do this is because I feel more confident in a strategy if it works across multiple data sets. Now, back testing isn't perfect, but it's a better indicator than just putting some lines on the chart. So when you find a good back test, most of the time you have to go ahead and do robustness tests to see if it actually works on other data sets, if it works on different sets of data. ADX plus MACD combo is the most robust. It says it works across all those data sets. Sharp is poor though. This is poor. So what I want to do here is I want to give her some actual alpha, dude. BB squeeze breakout here the number two it's 85.7% robustness sharp is one okay it's working across most of the data set sets instead of the except the 15minute BTC the MACD EMA here 57.1% robustness it works on three of them. Four of them barely. The returns are insane, but I just chocked that up to being overfit, right? You're not going to see that. That's not real. Okay. What else? What else? What else? Final robustness test. Oh, we didn't even show this part. Okay, so here's the deeper robustness. So out of sample decay BB squeeze is the bestative - 23%. Pam sensitivity BBC BB BB squeeze again time frame test. Monte Carlo 100% survive on the ADX and the BB squeeze. Okay, that's good. Final rankings here, ADX and MACD combo, 100% time frame robustness. So, it worked on all seven data sets. That's awesome. Including the 15minute that gives me confidence. And all this is is a confidence game because if you're following the system I follow is research, back test, and then incubate, implement small size. I'm just looking for stuff that works in the past that might work in the future. RBI, baby. Let's get it. Not looking for home runs. No way. 100% survived on the Monte Carlo. That's a good good sign. Pam robustness. Every single parameter combo profitable. Heavy out of sample decay though. Massive insample returns collapse, but still positive out of sample. Verdict. Most robust overall. Okay. So, these are trash. But it's okay. We're we're tra we're trash, guys. So, what I want you to do is I want you to go ahead and use that API key that I sent you. Go ahead and look at moonab.com/doccks. Okay, investigate the two things. There's two different types of strategies I want you to run and you can combine these as well. I think you can make a hundred strategies with these two different ideas. Okay, on moonab.com/doccks you can see everybody's positions on hyperlquid. So with the assumption two different assumptions, okay, if you see somebody get liquidated or it's close to liquidation, you could trade towards that liquidation. But you can also trade away from it. You see what I'm saying? If you could see everybody's positions and exactly when they get liquidated and how many people are on one side, how many people are on the other side, you have that access with moonab.com/doccks and the API calls. You have the API key as well. I sent it to you. It ends in DAB. Okay. So, there's like 50 ideas you could test based off of people's positions. I want you to back test with backtesting. if you can. Okay. Now, the other idea I want you to look at is the past liquidations. You can see you can get the liquidations from all exchanges. Total those numbers up when somebody gets liquidated. There's two different types of strategies you can do here. For example, it could be small liquidations leading to bigger liquidations so you can trade the momentum. But you can also look at huge liquidations as a point of pivot, right? So there's at least 50 more strategies you can test off there. Go ahead and verify that you're able to make the API call with the API key that I sent you. Everything is on moon.com/doccks. So do a full research of that and then go ahead and cook these 100 new up. [ __ ] it, bro. do 200 with these ideas using people's liquidations you can see or their positions you can see and their liquidation points and then also using past liquidation data. These might be hard to back test but I'm sure you can figure something out gang. Let's get it. Let's get it. Let's [ __ ] get it. What does ADX stand for? That's a good question. Average directional I don't know what is ADX in trading stand for average directional I don't know average directional index okay so it uses the X I do average. All right, let's see what she does. Let's go. This is real alpha onchain liquidation data nobody else is back testing against. Let me verify the API and map. Let's get it. We have data that others don't have because we're data dogs and you lock in on the stream, dude. I give you the API key to Hyperlquid's data layer. Let's go, bro. Let's go. I'm giving you everything I have. If you lock in with me, I'm giving you everything I have. Go check it out. mundave.comstocks. This is a thousand dollars minimum. >> Great quote that said, "Rest at the end, not in the middle." >> That's something I always live by. I'm not going to rest. I'm going to keep on pushing. Now, there a lot of answers that I don't have. Even questions that I don't have, but I'm just going to keep going. I'm just going to keep going and I'll figure these things out as you go, right? And you just continue to build that way. So, that I try to live by that. >> They the dogs at the end. >> Rest at the end. It's Jwell, huh? J Will, the cleanest white boy ever. It's JW. Huh? My guy. You remember Jason Williams, right? I I I've known you're black, but you remember J Will. You remember the OG? I think. I actually don't know how old you are. White chocolate, baby. White chocolate. Hit that follow back. I did. I think pretty sure I did. Yeah. Yeah, I did. I got you, bro. It's Jill. It's Ramble. All right, let's see what she's doing. We have gold 158K rows of BTC 5m minute open, high, low, close with liquidation columns. Let's get it. Let's get it. I'm giving you I'm giving you 50 right now, Jay Will. I'm giving you 50 right now. Let's do it. Anybody want to join me for 50 push-ups? Let's get it. Let's get it. All right. Let's get it. Let's get it. 2 4 6 8 10 12 14 16 18 20 22 24 26 28 30 32 34 36 6 38 40 42 44 46 48 50 51 51 baby 51 51 Today I had to throw one more in there. This API key forever. Nah. 50 50 push 25 pull. Dude, if you could do 25 pull-ups, bro. That felt good. That felt good. I got the I got the blood flowing. Okay, two agents launch. Here's the battle plan. Momentum lit cascades. Okay, testing 100 ideas. Let's get it. Contrarian exhaustion reversal. I'm exhausted. Exhaustion reversals, pivots, divergence. Okay, both testing across four time frames. 5 minute, 15 minute, 1 hour, 4 hours. Data is rich. Data is rich. We about to be richer. We've got individual long and short liquidation amounts, counts per bar, okay? USD values. Let's get it. This is exactly what your repo was already exploring. flip-flop, pure liquidation, whip wap, inverse liquidation, but now automated at scale. The API connection is live as well. Once we find the winning formulas, we can pipe real real time liquidation data straight into them via api.mmunda.comquidations. I'll hit you with the top performers. Let's get it. Okay, so she got some alpha now. I'm not playing. I'm not playing, dude. I'm going to give her everything I got. What's up, Jin? How are you? Good to see you again. The API key will not be forever, unfortunately. It will be until next stream. Till next stream. When is the next stream? I don't know. Lock in your email. Put your Twitter notifications on. Put all that on. I'll let you know. Probably tomorrow. Let's be honest. Probably tomorrow. Probably tomorrow. But you never know. You never know. I just when I when I have to start like doing things on a schedule, I don't like I don't like that. I don't like that. I like my own schedule. So, four hours a day I've been doing it for five years. But some days I might wake up and just be like, "Fuck that. I'mma go to the beach. I'mma go to the beach." Can you blame me? Can you blame me? Wow, dude. This is hella confusing. But you know what would be nice? 824. It'd be nice to have like some times here cuz or like some more glow or something. Like how the hell do you know where she's at? My heart is beating on my chest after those push-ups, bro. Enhance it. Good idea. I need to turn some air on. Low key need to get some water. I'll go get some water. I'll be back in three bits. Take a break. Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. All right, let's get it. Okay, we got mad people way in here. My bad. Okay. So, let's go ahead and see where she's at with this. 8 minutes 37 seconds. Oh, this was a different project. Telegram ads open control. Let's see what she's doing. Okay, here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. That's so awesome, dude. By the way, I just went and had two eggs, water, and coffee, and Clawa was just chilling. Add a cracker. Let's get it. So, let's see what Cracker came up with here. Both liquidation batches are in. Here's the full picture. Momentum verse contrarian. Clear winner. So, M momentum ride the cascade. Top 20 all profitable. Best return is 1,851%. Okay. um contrarian fade the lick three out of 92 mostly death and the thing is as me an autistic hand trader yes I'm going to do the contrarian that's why my AI called mental the other day and that's why I am an algorithmic trader because what I think is right is usually not right especially when you sprinkle in some emotional trading on top of that. Are you kidding me? So, how many people are out there trading by hand right now a strategy that doesn't work? Because in our brains, it sounds like it works. But here's the proof, dude. Momentum liquidations is better than contrarian. Fade the lick by the dip, whatever you want to call it. Riding liquidation cascades crushes fading them. When shorts get wiped, price keeps going. When longs get wiped, price keeps going down. The contrarian by the exhaustion thesis barely works. Only 3% profitable. The best liquidation strategies. Cascade P99 H8 TP1. Okay, so P99, I'm not sure what that is. Percentage 99. I don't know. Return is 425%. Draw down is 13%. Sharp is 2.98. Okay. Win rate 62%. 1,000 trades. That's a lot of trades, dude. That's a lot more trades than our first things that we tested. Here are all the goodies for the new people that came through the API key and all that. The best liquidation strategies. Okay, the number two one here is momentum. 2,399% return, but again, it's a 53% draw down. So, that's much tougher, but it's in the momentum. So, Cascade Long here is the best return, but also the biggest draw down. So, choose your fighter essentially. Number one is the real gem for live trading. P99 threshold means it only triggers on the most extreme 1% of short liquidation events. >> Make a choice, right? You just decide what it's going to be, who you're going to be, how you're going to do it. Just decide. And then from that point, the universe is going to get out your way. It's like it's water. It wants to it wants to move and go around stuff, you know. P99 means it only triggers on the most extreme 1% of short liquidation events. Holds just 40 minutes. Okay. 2.98 sharp. Okay, 13% draw down. So this looks good actually. So what I want you to do, all right, for the top two, let's do some robustness tests here and let's print out a data frame of data that I can see the robustness test how they did for the top two momentums and also do the top one of contrarian. I know that one's trash, but you know, I'd like to see it anyways. Okay, let's send that in there. And then liquidation momentum is real. Short lick cascades predict continued upward price movement because remember shorts are getting liquidated. That means the price is going up. The data proves it over 548 days. 5 minute is the only time frame that works. All top 20 momentum strategies are on five minute. Liquidation cascades are ultra fast. Contrarian only works with a double confirmation. Pure fade the lick dies. Add BB bands and divergence detection and you get you get what bro? You get a few winners. Higher thresholds equals better riskreward. Risk adjusted reward. Better risk adjusted. P99 which is top 1% of events beats P80 which is top 20% of events. Every time a sharp DD every time on sharpen DD be selective. The contrarian winners had almost no trades. Okay. And robustness agent launch. Beautiful. I do have a couple other ideas here with this. Um and I want her to think of some ideas as well. I just want to I need to keep pushing her. I'm going to spend a few days here just figuring out how this works, how she works, like how she can actually help with this process. So, based on this data, go ahead and build out a plan of your top five ideas based off of this actual liquidation data that we can use to improve the alpha here. We obviously found something amazing with the momentum, but I think you could dive deeper. launch five agents to each come up with their best three ideas and then print out your best three ideas here and we will go ahead and then work on those. So, I'm going to wait for her to be done with whatever she's doing here. She's doing robustness testing. I got to figure out how to use this thing. Session 16 12:27 What time is it? 9:45 right now. 9:13. Okay. So, main 12:35. Say her name. Her name is Cracker. Say it. Sub agent here. 823. Here we go. 846. See, like what the hell, bro? How am I supposed to know that? Let's see if there's anything here. I guess it's a little blue. The rolling percentile computation on 158k rows is slow. That's okay. We got time and we got licks, bro. X A that's gold 9:46 a.m. So, it is 8:46 Eastern time. 9:46 846. The rolling percentile computation on 158k rows. That's good, dude. That's good. I want it to take a long time because I'm not doing it, dude. You're doing it. Robustness agents launched. We're doing out of sample walk forward. Parameter sensitivity. Monte Carlo and a rolling window. Beautiful. That's exactly what I would do if I were doing this by hand. So, you can see she's fire. She's fire. She is fire. It's just how far is the question. How far is she so far? I think she's pretty far. I'm going to use her. I actually did some cool things yesterday, too. I had to sign up for a bunch of websites. So, I just said, "Hey, you go sign up for sign up for me. That was pretty nice because I was just like kind of tired. I didn't want to sign up for these websites. So for the 80x if it's between zero and 20 it's a weak or no trend. 20 and 40 is developing trend and 40 to 60 is strong trend. And there was that one lady that I chatted with on the podcast days that was all about ADX. Her whole life was based off of ADX. So, you know, that's why I throw it around a lot. Why I throw it around a lot. I bought. Okay. Oh, that's what I want to do. I think that could be really good. Let's go ahead and try to get that set up here on this side. I'm gonna pull this off for now. Um, I want to use Clawbot for some social arbitrage. If you're familiar, does anybody know what the Dumb Money YouTube channel or what Social Arbitrage is? >> No. Okay. Why? >> Gary Vee, huh? Okay. So, since she's busy right now, I actually have something set up here and I might be able to handle it. I might be able to do it here. So, I got my Tik Tok open because if I look here, I built something the other day and this is really sick. It's really sick. So, social arbitrage is essentially um Wall Street is a bunch of old white guys and I mean I guess there the color doesn't matter. I just, you know, I'm just looking at Gary Vee in its face and it is what it is. Okay. There's always a lag between what Wall Street knows and what the people are actually doing. So, there's this thing called social arbitrage where you're essentially just being an investor where you're a little more tapped in to things like Tik Tok. You're watching trends. You are typing in like Tik Tok made me buy it or sold out everywhere. And this will allow you to find ideas like Abberrombie before the street Wall Street finds out about it. And this channel called Dumb Money, I've been watching it for years. They're all about this. and he's one of the best investors of our time. Uh his name is Chris Camilillo. He's in he's in uh Market Wizards, but yeah, this is he's this is his like approach to trading. He wrote this book in 2011. He's in Market Wizards, so everything's verified. Um you see Jack Swagger's Unknown Market Wizards. Uh he's ran up a bag like publicly. You've heard of it? Nice. Yeah, it's fire, dude. I like it. It's It's an edge. It's definitely an edge because people on Wall Street, including us in this chat, aren't in tune with what like 19year-olds are doing. So, that that means there's a lag. There's going to be a lag to the the stock moving. But there's some some cool ideas there. Anyways, I want to go ahead and see if I can pull this up. Here it is. Okay. So, let's say T and then C. Can you get up to date on all of this social arbitrage stuff we have in here and then figure out how we can run it and then we can actually run it and debug anything we can do anything we think is real >> and if it's not we could create it see that's the gift we were given to evolve >> boom advance create I create my own world boom boom boom baby boom baby boom so we can moon baby Boom. Test one, walk forward, out of sample, 7030 split. Okay, so we got our three momentum or two momentum and one non- momentum. In sample, it had a return of 7 712, but out of sample, it's only 109. Win rates uh fairly steady. Draw down is lower on the out of sample. That's good. DK is 84. The second one, we had um 4,000% return, but only 65%. So, not that not that robust there. Um the third one here we had 280 in sample and 29 out of sample. Verdict all three stay profitable out of sample. Cascade P99 is the most stable. Okay. So our best one is the most stable. Average trade only drops from 22 to 0.19. Okay. Tiny edge decay. Nice. Test two parameter sensitivity. So combos tested 500 min return median return and max return 100% profitable. Verdict parameter sensitivity is bulletproof. Every single parameter combination across all three strategies is profitable. 1,332 total combos tested. 1,332 profitable. That's amazing. The edge isn't parameter dependent. The liquidation signal itself is the alpha. So that's awesome. That's awesome. Test three, Monte Carlo here. And Monte Carlo, you can see that the actual return is 1,600% and the draw down is -72. But the Monte Carlo media draw down is only 7.4. Okay. So 100% profitable. Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful. Cascade long here is 72808 actual return and - 255 draw down for the actual butgative -21 with the Monte Carlo. Okay, so verdict has all survived the 100% of Monte Carlo runs even with the 20% of trades removed. The draw down is tight. Lick BB reversal is the safest with draw down. Interesting in the shuffled world of course that's Monte Carlo. So test four is rolling window here. So we got P99 and H8. Quarter one here we had 143% return. Quarter two is 75. Quarter three is 110. Quarter four is 71. Okay. Win rate. Yeah. So these are kind of far. Final scorecard. This is what we really want to see, right? We want to see the finale. Oh, that's profitable. 109% OS edge decay low param sensitivity is 100% 500 500 MC survive 20% drop 100%. All quarters profitable four out of four nice worst quarter is set plus 71%. Max draw down is negative 10%. Verdict is robust. Cascade long though is just okay, not as robust. And interesting, the lick BBB reversal is more robust than the second momentum one. And remember our conclusion was the momentum was better than reversals. Plot twist. The Okay, let's see. See this P99 HA is real the real deal. Minimal edge decay, out of sample, tight draw downs, consistent across all quarters. The P95 variant works but weakens in Q4 and has an ugly 25% draw down. That's ugly. Plot twist. Lick BBB reversal. The trash contrarian is actually incredibly robust. 80% plus win rate out of sample. Max draw down is 7.5. Low trade count is 180. That's the only concern. That's what Cracker says. So, let's go ahead and send her this next prompt here. And we have the social arbitrage working over here. Uh, I do want to bring that over here. I'd like to just log into Tik Tok and see what she can do. Log into Tik Tok. So, I'm going to go ahead and put that on my list. Social arbitrage. I want to have her log in log into Tik Tok on my um, clawbot. I think that's going to be sick. Get your ugly face out of here, bro. Open Claw is on a another laptop I have and I'm just logged in via Google Chrome remote access and it's on a new profile of that other computer. I need to run these redeems here on my Nobot say code. Okay. Redeem py. Okay, that's fine. I can show that. Let's go ahead and redeem some cash. Well, if there is any cash. These are for my Polymarket bots here. No positions. No positions. It's a much slower. Okay, that took a $11 win here. So, we'll get some cash back. I've got these no bots running here on uh Poly Market. [ __ ] I'm not supposed to tell you what type of bots, but they are Poly Market bots. This is the Lick Momentum RP we were looking at earlier. This is the lick momentum. Too many requests, huh? The hell is that? Let me grab the actual liquidation data first, then build the swarm. Thank you. Okay, so redeemed successfully. Okay, nice. Will Apple be above 260 by the end of January? I guess that's over. I said no and I got the cash. I guess it's all over now. Okay, we took 24 here and seven here. And but I I did see an error here. Too many requests. Too many requests. So, let's see if I can just run it again or something. I don't quite know. I'm going to try my other one as well. No redeemable. So, I got those. Okay. See this one? Had too many requests. Will Arna Sabalanka win the 2026 Women's Australia Open? No, she didn't. And I won. So, give me my cash back. Too many requests. August 14th. Okay, we got Claba on the left side. So, what is this? August 14th account. So, I just got to go manually do it. Uh, we'll see. At least. We'll see. Okay, I did redeem five more. So, it did work the second time through. Let's go ahead and run it one more time. You can see she's cooking over here. So, we'll go ahead and read through that and come up with some ideas. Let's go ahead and see. Let's pull her open. Will her try in 3 seconds. Will her try in six seconds. Five agents launched and and grinding while they cook. Here are my top three based on the raw data. Liquidation magnet gravity when 5 million and longs are clustered within 2%. Oo, I like this one. Let's do that one for sure. The clustered. It's looking at my Moondev API, which you guys have access to, and looking at the positions. Still having that trouble with this negative risk one. So, let's go ahead and have her fix that. Let's say uh T, let's see, redeem. Is having this issue. Please fix Please fix. Okay, so Cascade Aftershock reversal. The 30-day data shows 1.6 billion in liquidations, but 63% were long after a massive long liquidation in an hour. Okay, I like this one as well. I mean, this is kind of like the OG that I thought would work, but it's actually opposite based off of our data here. So, Crowding agent just reported measuring just how crowded and fragile the crowding is. Four down, one to go. I knew I was going to make it. I just ain't know how. But I knew this world is what you make it. You create your own environment. It all starts with a vision. What you can imagine you can create. >> What you can imagine you can create. Crowding agent just reported liquidation magnet fade. Crowding asymmetry reversal. Crowding is four down. Waiting on the whale flow. Okay, beautiful. And then I want to make sure that she has these ideas that she gave me actually. risk factors strategy three. I just want to make sure she has a ton of ideas that we can just go ahead and run through it. I'm not paying for the API either, dude. That's the crazy part about this. Nah, I'm just going to do this the lazy way, bro. Okay. So, Okay. So, all of those ideas that you just came up with, all of the different agents, I want you to go ahead and test all of them. So, build out the back test and report back with a nice data sheet of exactly which are the best ones, what you tested, and which ones are the best. We the best. Damn, dude. That didn't work. Hey, so go ahead and all those tests above, all those ideas you have above, I want you to launch parallel agents to go ahead and test them all and see which ones are actually the best. Back test them and send me back a data sheet of what's actually the best based off of your amazing ideas above. So, you can see she's cooking up. She's cooking. So, domino trigger. Okay. Estimated sharp. Can't estimate this sharp gang. So 15 top three. So you've got 15 ideas. I want three variations of each of those ideas. So how many does that equal? That equals 45. Let's get it. Let's see the top ones. I want to see the top 10 performers based off of those above ideas. Launch parallel agents to get this done fast. Okay. I actually don't care about her slop that she's saying. I just want the data. I'm a data dog. ready to build these? Yes, ideas are cool and all, but I want to see the data because I'd rather just look at the data of the things that actually did well. Especially since I'm not doing this, you know, I'm not the one that's over here coding this up. I don't need to dive too deep into the idea. I gave her the alpha. You know, the only reason she's h she has fire like this is because I gave her the the main idea, the liquidation data that nobody else has except you guys in the chat. You're in the live. You got access to the API. Everybody else is cooked. Everybody on the public chat is cooked. Dude, they don't have the API access. I'm going to drop it one more time just so you have it. Me go ahead and make sure that's in the chat. During the live chats, I put the API key. That's going to be $1,000 a month when I release it. If I release it. So, you get it for free when you show up. Okay. So, here's what was causing the issue and what I fixed. death replacement transaction under price redeem. Okay, whatever you fix is awesome. Let's get it. Better question is where did I put it? Oh, it's I think I did it in the Yeah, there it is. Clean that up a little bit. Let's run it back. So, this is a auto redeemer for Poly Market. I've got a bunch of Poly Market bots running that are sometimes witted. Wait, now it doesn't even show it, bro. That's weird. Let me go auto. Let me go look at it on the inside. You got Claude Crabwalk going here. Clawbot Cracker. Here she is. She's cooking. She's cooking right here. Yeah, that's her. That's her. Let me go get into Poly Market myself and see if it is something that I can fix. But the thing is, dude, why would it go from showing to not showing? What What account is that? August 14th. Okay, so let's go to Poly Market here and step on the the vibe coded Poly Market here. It's the probably the worst billion dollar website I've ever seen in my life. Let's be honest. Let's be honest about that, dude. Probably the worst built billion dollar website any of us have ever used. Logging in is hard. Anybody else using Poly Market? That actually be interesting to have Clawbot trade. Bye-bye. Log in. Finally. I love that we got her cooking on the left side. I'm over here doing login and busy work over here. I'm using Koshi. Okay. Is Koshi a pretty good. Is it pretty good? I haven't used it yet. I have not used it. Oh, maybe that's why because I'm on Arby. Arbitron. She's having a hard time. Go to Polygon. low key have to have a redeem bot. It's solid. Okay. Um because it's hard to log in to this website. I swear to God, dude. Especially Especially if you have multiple accounts. It's just like I can't even get it to open. I can't get it to log in. So, this is like I'm kind of cooked without this redeem bot. Hyperl going to be their competitor also. That'd be dope, dude. I'm a fan of Hyperlid. I'm a fan. Of course, of course. Of course. Of course. It's not a buy recommendation by any means, but we've been on Hyperlid for a long, long time. I hope they can do it. I mean, I want them to launch a launchpad, too. I want them to take over Pump Fun. They just kind of flopped on that whole thing. I think HIPP one or two maybe it didn't work. So, I know there's a lot of hype right now, but it's just like their product is fire. The app, the trading app is fire. And I like that they're taking shots. Try to take them on. HIPP4. Yep. I love it. I w I wish they would, dude. I wish they would. I wish they would. I literally can't get logged into Poly Market. So, pretty cooked here when it comes to looking at this. But, uh, let's check out the auto here. Maybe that one will work better. And I also think this one will show me uh my balances, which I have no idea because I can't log in. Fetching data. Okay. And she's still cooking, I believe. Open claw on the left. I love having computer a computer over here. We've got 73 1-hour candles. 43 4hour candles. Okay. Too many requests. Too many requests. Why can't I log in to Poly Market? If I could answer that, I would be logged in. Unfortunately, Ops. Yeah, I don't know. It's just sitting here on requesting wallet requesting signature, but there is no signature request. I'm just like over here resetting it. Turn it on, turn it off. You know, August 14th, I'm on Polygon. I don't think that's necessary, but I am on it. Total value completion redeemed. Okay. So, how do I like Open Claw? Nah, you don't need Mac Mini, bro. Just use a different What kind of computer you got right now? Because right now, what I'm doing is I'm using my other computer, but I'm just using a new uh Apple profile. So, you know how you can when you log on your computer there's profiles? Just use a new one. run it there until you find something that prints and if it prints then go invest in hardware. I mean, I don't want to tell you what to do, but concerned about security. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. That makes sense. If you don't have a PC, I don't know how P if you don't have a Mac. I don't know if PCs uh have like other profiles or whatever, but if you got a gaming computer, dude, you might be able to run a a model on there. That would be nice. I almost bought two uh Mac Pros as well. All right, let's see if we can get this social ARP thing going while she's going. I'm very excited about that, but I've been waiting for like multiple days. So the clear issue the API lick data covers Jan 8. >> You have to in a business like this just keep making things better. >> No dude >> improving the system >> because other parts of it are going to wear out after a while. People will catch on to this or they'll catch on to that. So you you just have to like in any business in any business you just have to make things better and better and better because that's what everyone else is trying to do. Never use synthetic. Remember that [ __ ] How do you stop this [ __ ] Stop. Synthetic? Are you kidding me, dude? I barely know what that means. You're right. No synthetic data, only API data. Let me dig deeper for the maximum liquidation history. Thank you. Also, I think I'm going to just give her another set of data here. Yeah, I'm going to do that. So, let's go to the members area. Let's go to uh quantity code and then let's say liquidation data mundave. Liquidation. Liquid. Liquid. Liquid Asation. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Here is 2 gigabytes of liquidation data. Just use that. Crab walk. Two gigs. cuz I just threw a two gigs of data that's in the uh quantite section. Quantite code. So if you're in quantite then boom. They're just a little slower. What local model you try, bro? That's far. I I could see a world where it's like we all get big enough computers that we have nice local models. I mean, they may not be as good as Claude, but enough. I feel like I feel like we can find things that print with haiku, you know? So, it's like what's the point of I don't know what I'm trying to say is that I don't think I think the killer feature is connecting it all together. Whatever the data is, whatever the AI is, connecting it all together and having it use the computer, I don't think the model differs between Opus and Haiku on a project that actually prints. For example, if you could find some ARB on the internet like, okay, you can make $3 an hour with this whatever project it is. You know, there's an array of industries. I don't see why you would need such a thick model if it's really just like clicking buttons and hey, you just have to go here, do this, do that. It's just not profitable enough for me to spend my time to make $3 an hour. But if I have an AI that can make $3 an hour, I'll launch 20 million of them. See what I'm saying? I'm using Opus 4 right now. 4.5 or whatever. Quinn. Okay. Quen 3 coder GPD SS GLM457 Flash. They're cool. Just kind of slower. Okay. Yeah, that's the thing I ran into too. It's just slow slower slower slower. But that's okay. I remember swarms was just an idea and struggles, but OpenClaw just spinning out swarms. Yeah, we're we're moving, bro. Like eventually we're I feel like we're all going to have enough of compute or the models are going to be small enough that we're going to be able to run them on our computers. And it's really about who's going to be the data dog that actually figures out systems that can print cache more than the cost of the API or the local model. Of course, there's no cost with the local model. It's like electricity. But is that actually a thing? Like, is your electricity really going to spike that hard with local models? Stone 5 sounds like it's going to be unreal. Thank you for bringing that up, Katon. Good to have you here. Good to meet you as well. Um, I wanted to look into that today with you guys because I only do stuff with you. I try to keep it all I try to keep all of my ideas for when I'm here with you because my thoughts are if I spend time or money on this industry and it's just for myself, that's great. But if I show a few of you guys, then you can come up with ideas that I can't come up with. So, bye. Let's see what Crabwalk is doing. Okay, got the data. Perfect. So, this is my open claw, whatever you call it. Let's see what this says because I am interested in Sonet 5. Of course, I'm just going to keep plugging in the new models. Of course, Bodonet 5 leaks suggest a new anthropic model with strong math and coding capabilities launching this week. Are they about to drop a Super Bowl ad? Leaks over the weekend point to a new anthropic model branded as Claude Sonet 5 with an internal date string of February 3rd. That's today, bro. Whether that date reflects a public launch or an internal checkpoint remains unclear, but the timing would place it in the same week as Super Bowl LX. Damn. February 8th when AI labs have been ramping up mainstream marketing to chase consumer mind share against Chat GBT and Google's Gemini. What is this little fun game, dude? I want to play oneshot game by clonet Claude Sonet 5. non-thinking. Wait, so people already have access to this five? Early hands-on testing described it in testing catalog suggests the non-thinking sonet 5 variant already looks competitive on math with today's frontier models while also showing even stronger coding output than claude opus 4.5 in some workflows. One recurring example was structured visual generation with the ASIC world map. Prompt reportedly produced the most complete detailed result the tester has seen alongside other UI and rendering oriented tasks. Okay, sick. So site 5 coming soon. We'll see. And she's cooking, bro. She's cooking. I'm not going to dive in yet until she's done cooking. I gave her two gigabytes of data. So, your Claw bots and my Clubbots, they're not the same, gang. If you're in the public, dude, not the same. You don't have the same data. You're not dead dog like me. Let's get it. Let's go, bro. Let's go. Lock in. Lock in. They said sonite 5 is going to be 50% cheaper. Wow. Damn, dude. That's awesome. It's getting cheaper. 1 million context window as well. Supposed is supposedly has better context memory saving like open cloud. Nice, dude. I love that what's happening in this industry is like all the open source is going and experimenting and then anthropic and open AI just sitting back being like, "Oh yeah, that's fire. Let's build that in. That's fire. That's fire." I mean, they're that's that's their business model and let's just launch the models. Let them let them out. Let developers pay for them. Let them cook up some open source stuff and let's build that in just better because we build the models too. Cheaper API but still 200 claw max. Um, do you see a big spike in your spending with OpenCloud? I'm curious if it's is going to kill my API bill. I I'm not using the API. I'm using my $200 model. uh $200 plan. I don't know if that's legit or not, but if you tell, bro, I'm a I'm a sick my I'm a sick cracker on you. If you tell if you tell, I'm I'm definitely sending cracker to your door. You don't want no cracker showing up to your door, dude. I tell you that right now. I'm using an Opus 4 five. I ain't no snitch, bro. I know you're not. I know you're not. Let's get it. Talking to the people that are not talking back to me right now. the lurkers, the ops, the ops that clock in every single day and they don't even drop the 777. Okay, last batch is in. Okay, master ranking top 15 across all batches. 45 strategies time and now you're back at it again. You know, seven to nine. Look how much more training I have done by simply starting at four, right? And so now you do that and as the years go on, the separation that you have with your competitors and your peers just grows larger and larger and larger and larger and larger and by year five or six doesn't matter what kind of work they do in a summer, they're never going to catch up. >> Yeah. Just a sidebar, dude. I know some people are saying like 200 is is too much for the cloud max, but you know, I spent 10 years hiring developers and building apps because I didn't know how to code. And now that I know how to code, you know, 200 for me as well is like, what the [ __ ] am I paying 200 for anthropic for? But, you know, hitting the limits is just not worth it. We've got this like we've got this little bit of time right now where we're literally just burning VC cash. Remember when Ubers used to be real cheap? Door Dash used to be real cheap. That's their game plan. They just run up run up VC cash venture capitals. They raise a bunch of money and they subsidize these tech companies. Okay. So right now the AI is subsidized. So while 200 is a lot, you can spend like I don't know 2Gs, 5Gs of credits, I don't know, I don't hit limits anymore. So going from somebody who used to hire on Upwork developers, spent hundreds of thousands of dollars there to actually knowing how to code and be able to use cloud code, I was like, "Shut the [ __ ] up. Pay the 200. Tighten up on your Door Dash. whatever you need to do. It's 200 compared to like 2,000 every single time you hire a developer over and over and over again. So, it's really if you have the time, if you have four hours a day to lock in with Cloud Code, pay the 200 and let's talk about it later because there's two options that can happen here. A hopefully they're able to make these models more efficient and more efficient, right? So, the price can keep going lower. right now they're competing against all the other companies and the open source. So they are lowering the prices, but they're also raising billions and billions and billions of dollars in order to do that. So my my thought process has always been, dude, it's it's subsidized right now. So spend as much time as you can building actual things that help you, not just to-do lists and [ __ ] like that, because we we only have a short window of this cheap AI. I think eventually it's going to be like 2 G's. They're going to raise the prices eventually because they got to monetize us eventually. Right now, the optimistic, what I'm hopeful for is that they just keep making the models better and better and cheaper and cheaper and the price actually goes down. But I'm prepared. I'm prepared, dude. I'm prepared to spend 2,000 a month on this [ __ ] We'll see. Do you re recommend Chad GBD or Claude? Claude, it's money time. Jamie, let's get it. Four hours a day, don't sleep. I'm hand trading to pay for my claw right now, but I gota I gotta get the open claw, make 200 a month, pay for it for Okay. Okay, I feel you. Try to get it to cook for you. I mean, but yeah, I'm not using the API right now. What's up, Kelly? How are you? How to take a longer rest? Good, dude. Get your eight hours in. You got to get your 8 hours in to see you. Welcome back. Okay, so master rankings. Let's go ahead and look into these master rankings. So remember, we tested 45 strategies on liquidation data that nobody here has. I mean, some of you guys do, some of you guys do, but nobody in the public has it. So, we're using Open Claw with a built-in edge already. So, now we got agents on another computer that can cook 247 with data that other quote unquote data dogs don't have. They're definitely big quotes if you don't got this data. Dude, I've been collecting it for 18, no, about 20 months now. So, that's a legit edge that you can't just you can't replicate. And that's like what algo trading is. It's building edges that others cannot replicate because then year four or five, they'll never catch up because once they're on year four, five, guess what? I'm on year 910. Let's get it. So, master ranking. So, this is awful. I can't read this at all. So, I'm not even going to read it. Here we go. Master results. Top 10 performance. 12 out of the 132 strategies were profitable. Here's the definitive top 10. Oh, baby. Oh, baby. Top 10, baby. Top 10. Top 10. Top 10. Let's make sure we got the note, bro. So cluster proximity fade aggressive 11.72% return. Hey, these aren't that good. But I mean the sharps are good. Lake Cascade aggressive 7.6% return. Key findings here. Come on. Let me get the big baller. Let me get the big baller brand. The six hour time frame is where the alpha lives. Tell me this, dude. Can you tell me the length of the data set you're looking at? Just so I can um be convinced you're looking at the right data. Thank you. Tell me the start and the end date. Tell me tell me the things I want to see. Tell me it's real. Good question. Let me verify. Exactly. Okay. And while you're verifying here, I've got other things I want to get done as well. That's what I love about this dude. She goes does her thing and I go do my thing. Where is my thing? Which is the thing that I'm looking for? That's the question. Where is she? I actually lost her, bro. Here it goes. So, here we go. Descriptions are now clean. What is this, dude? What the heck is going on, bro? So, how do I run it? So, how do I go about running this? Okay, it is duration of 120. That's not correct, bro. Honest. Honesty time, bro. The downloaded got truncated. We only got 34. Yeah, dude. So, I knew you were up to no good, bro. I want the full [ __ ] data set. You got the whole [ __ ] up in the [ __ ] Dropbox. Let's get it, gang. I knew she was up to some [ __ ] That's why I had to check her, dude. So, here's how to run it. Quick test. Okay. Social arbitrage agent test. Custom run. Five tags, 20 videos each. Full run, 50 videos, all tags. Report only. Let's go ahead and do the full run. 1,000 videos. Let's see what happens. Run it, dude. Think I care? Let's get it. [ __ ] Lama. Stay up. Chrome driver. Please dude. Sold out everywhere. So, it's looking for the tag. Sold out everywhere. But where? Collected 10 out of 50 videos. What? Collected 20 out of 50 videos. What? So apparently it's going through Tik Tok right now >> and grabbing >> those videos. If everyone is trying to solve the same problem or a whole hope of people, that's the latest and greatest thing to do. Don't do that. >> Don't do that. >> Do something original. Don't follow the pack. >> Do something original. Don't follow the pack. The pack is in the crowd. The pack's in the chat. the YouTube chat. The pack is in the YouTube chat. So, let's let's send those hoes on a [ __ ] How about this, dude? Let's send the YouTube chat on an ad because they're too scared to actually step on the gas. You actually were stepping on the gas, you'd be in the Zoom right now. It's private. This is war, dude. This is war. Ain't it a game? I'm I'm chasing Jim Simons and I got op. So, let's get a time for the YouTube chat. Bye-bye. There's so much I have to show you here today. Every single day I'm live, but I do private lives in Zoom now. So, if you want to chat with me and you want to see all the code, you can see like some of the code is blocked from your screen. I just block it with this little thing here. Um, the reason is I got hacked the other day and it's because some I showed something on my screen. So, there are prying eyes that I can't I can't let see everything. You can still listen to me, of course, and you'll get some uh you know, there'll be some breaks that you won't be able to see everything, right? Um, I'll I'll keep the live open for YouTube, but there's going to be a block on my screen and there's going to be um these segments where I tell you about jumping into the private stream because if you jump into the private stream, there's a link. It's at mundav.com and you're going to get an API key to Hyperlquid's data layer that I built here and this is a direct node and you literally can't get this data anywhere else besides the API key that I drop in the live stream. So you can see I'm able to see all liquidation levels. I'm able to see uh Binance liquidations. I'm able to see OKX liquidations, everybody's liquidations. I'm able to watch HLP. HLP is Hyperliquid's market maker. I get to see every single one of their trades. I also get to see every single um win loss analysis of every single trader. So you can see this is trade history of anybody. So, I can just call anybody's address on Hyperlquid and see exactly what trades they've made and when they're making trades. This is stuff. This is like a institutional grade API that will cost more than $1,000 per month and you actually get access when you join one of my live streams. So, every live stream I put down an API key, but not only that, you also get the full replay. Everybody wants replays of my lives and you get a full free replay. All you have to do is go to moonundave.com and you're going to get a replay of yesterday's stream, which was $5, and today's stream. So, it's just five bucks, and you get all of that, but you also get this API key. And I said this is going to be $1,000 plus per month. You can see I have a smart money call. So, things that Wall Street is looking at, I we can all see with this API key. It's Hyperlquid's data layer that I built because I believe uh it needs a better API in order to call things faster. I was building out the quant app here that is essentially looking at people's liquidations and I ran into the problem like I need this data faster. So, I launched a node and then I made it available for everybody that comes into the Zooms each day. But again, they're private Zooms only because I've got people that are watching my screen looking for me to drop a key, drop a AP I, whatever, and just some sort of vulnerability. I got hacked, so I just can't show this live on YouTube anymore. So, I cover my screen again like this. I'll just have this up pretty much all day. Uh, these are my stats from the previous week. Uh, you can see my stats there. uh since everybody in YouTube, they seem to just be coming by to see uh what's in my pocket. So, um since I started trading with the Quant app, which is pretty much my 5 years of experience built into a downloadable app, I did this because first off, I don't believe in hand trading. I'm an automated trader. But I looked at the data and everybody's still using 40x leverage. And I looked at I have over 150,000 people now following me, 100,000 on YouTube, 50,000 on Twitter, and only a small small percentage ever took me up on the offer of learning how to code. I teach you how to code and then automate your trading. I used to teach that stuff. Um, but only a tiny tiny percentage actually did did that. They actually joined the boot camp and then out of that maybe 50% of them actually completed the boot camp. So, I have the data that 99% of people are just trading by hand using 40x leverage. So, I'm trying to solve this problem, the 40x leverage problem. Uh, so I'm doing a little bit of kind of hand trading. I'm not able to enter positions without liquidations happening. So, I'm really just taking over people's liquidations. And why am I taking over people's liquidations? It's because that Hyperlid, that's their strategy. So, if you go to Hyperlquid here and you go to Vaults here, their HLP provider, they put in $1,000 into this HLP provider and it's at $118 million. That's why I built out this data layer to watch every single one of their moves. I know exactly what positions they're they're doing. This is the HLP dashboard. I I know exactly when they're entering, when they're exiting, where they're sitting. I have a bunch of calls that will go ahead and just keep me uh into the know of what they're doing plus every other trader on Hyperlquid. Hyperlid opened up the financial system for the entire world. And before this, there was no way for us to see where people get liquidated. So based off of this premise, I've built some really great automated trading strategies. And since I am here now building for the public, building for those 40x hand traders, I built the Quant app and I'm using that liquidation strategy or one of the liquidation strategies. Of course, there's still intuition here. So, it's not like you can download this Quant app and make a million dollars. No way. There's still some experience and intuition, but this puts like bumpers around your trading. You know, there's risk controls here. I can never use more than X amount of my account. I can't lose more than 3% of my account in a day. Things like that that are just hard to do as a hand trader. I built into the Coin app, but I think the main feature is buying and selling around people's liquidations. Nobody can predict price. And if you think you can, you're probably going to get smoked. I think by now you realize that, hey, within like a 1 2% range, it's really hard to predict price. So instead of predicting price, I'm predicting which liquidation to buy. So, for example, I could say when this guy gets liquidated right here, I will buy a portion of my portfolio, but instead of just saying, "Hey, I'm going to buy now or sell now." I'm just waiting for somebody to get licked. So, it's just a quantitative approach I'm trying to build into a downloadable app because I realize 99% of people are still trading by hand and still using 40x leverage. So, if that's the biggest problems trader traders have, that was my biggest problem. I was getting liquidated when I was using leverage, but now I'm three plus weeks in using 40x leverage. And if you go look at my Twitter or on my screen right now, you can see that this week I I had a a nice return. I used 10K max size. So $4,900 or $4,900 return is about 49%. That's amazing. Is it going to work for you? I don't know. I can't guarantee your results. I don't know how you trade. I don't know how risky you are, but I know that for me with 40x leverage, I wouldn't last more than 3 days and I'd be staring at the screen the entire time. So, so far so good. It's It's helped me last 3 weeks and I'm up instead of blown up. So, I don't know. But what this led me to was, hey, I need these liquidation this liquidation data way faster. With the API, you can you can't get this data this fast. You can see how it's changing every second. I have a node launch. I'm connected to the node. And that node, you have all the data if you join the zooms, the private zooms, because you get a free API key. You can see every single tick data. If you're trading right now algorithmically and you're not using tick data, you're just missing out on a huge edge because every tick matters. It's not about open, high, low, close, volume data. You need the tick data. So, I've got the tick data for all tokens. That's crazy. just hit that API. So you get the API key when you join. It's only for people in the Zoom. I just launched this data layer, so we're rolling it out slowly. It's only for people in the Zoom. If you want the API key, it's only for Zoom people. You can see there's a ton of other great things here like liquidation, fetching people's positions, the top 10 closest liquidations to uh getting liquidated, positions getting liquidated. So kind of like what you see in the Quant app. But yeah, I just wanted to give you an update here. Um, you can just go to moonundave.com and sign up for the live. And the cool thing I do is I'm here usually for a couple hours at least, sometimes more, but you can see you get a free API key and that's a $4,850 value for the Hyperlquid data layer. If you want to go check out the docs as well, mundev.comdoccks, but I highly recommend just jump into the live right now because I I overloaded it with value. You might have more talent than me. You might be smarter than me. But if we get on the treadmill together, right? There's two things. You're getting off first or I'm going to die. >> It's really that simple. Now, the page page might look different than this if you're if it's today, but hey, you know, it's every single day around 7 a.m. Eastern. I'm here for 2 to seven hours. And the cool thing is is if you get in before the end of the Zoom, you get yesterday's full replay as well. So you get a replay from yesterday and you get today's free replay. So if it's if you still see me on if you still see me on, you know, you can get in and you can get that day's full replay and yesterday's full replay. And then on top of that, if you get in to the Zoom before it's over, you get the API key. So every single day I'm dropping a new API key. So, that's just a nice little incentive for you to make sure to actually show up. But, as you can see, you're going to get my full private stream. This means you get to chat with me all day long. You get to ask me anything in the Zoom chat. That's the chat I look at. Those are the people that are on in the inner circle. Those are the people that I want to be speaking to. So, if you join the private live by clicking the link going to moondev.com, you get for $5, a $5 foot long, you get number one, you get the Zoom access, so you get to chat with me live all day long. You get the full stream. You get to see all the code. You don't have this big thing on your screen anymore. Like, you have that on your screen. So, you can't see my code because I can't have outsiders see my code because I got hacked. So, you get the full stream access. You get Zoom chat access. You can ask me anything. Okay, those both independently are worth more than $5, right? People will pay me thousands of dollars to consult, but you get to ask me all day long questions that you have. So, jump in right now because you get the full stream, you get full chat, you get full replays. So, you get yesterday's replay as well. So, people paid five bucks to get in yesterday. You get that full replay. You get today's full replay. You get the API key if you're in the Zoom before the end of it. I'll throw the API key every single day. I put a new API key in there. You get yesterday's replay. You get today's replay. You get your ticket for today. You can ask questions. You can watch the replay anytime forever. There's a 90-day money back guarantee. So, if you're sitting on YouTube, Twitter right now, and you really want to learn from me, dude, jump into the chat right now. Jump into it's moonv.com. Jump into the Zoom chat. you get full replay access. And then on top of all that, I'm just trying to make this better and better because all I'm trying to do is are weed out the haters. I want to I only want people that are actually here trying to build systems chasing Jim Simons. I'm building a system chasing Jim Simons. He built he ran up a net worth of $31 billion. I can't have people around me that are not serious. So, if you're serious, $5 should be absolutely nothing to you. And there's a 90-day money back guarantee. So, if you think it's a trash stream or it's not worth it or for whatever reason you didn't get a go, um it didn't work out for you, you whatever reason you want your money back, it's 100% 90-day money back guarantee. This day is going to be different every day. This this page may look a little different, but every single day we're only doing private streams because I cannot share this with the entire world. So, go there right now. Go to your browser, type in mundave.com. I promise you it'll be worth it. If it's not, you get your money back, no questions asked. You get the free API key. You get the full stream. You get see all the code that I was on my screen. You're not going to have this block on it anymore. You're going to be able to live chat with me. Ask me any questions. Free consulting essentially. That's insane, dude. Plus, you get the replays from yesterday and today. So, click that link, join right now, and I'll see you inside the stream. Dude, there is so much I have to show you here today. Every single day. Bring the uh let's bring the ops back in. I brought the ops back in. So don't don't tell them what we were just talking about. Don't tell them, dude. Don't tell them. Don't tell them. Don't tell them. They They're over there speaking Russian, bro. I [ __ ] with my Russians, dude. What up, dude? Good to see you. Good to see you. Um, don't tell them, Kenny. Don't say it. Don't say it. Don't say it. So, I just put the uh public on on an ad every once in a while just because I can't show everything here. I definitely can't show that. So, if you do get it before the end, you do get the replay, which is nice. So, okay, let's see if she updated this. Okay, here we go. It works. So, here are the results. It works perfectly. Okay, so mind you. Okay, so let's go ahead and implement it. Sick. Sick, bro. That's [ __ ] far. And okay, so now we have the captions and the transcript and that's [ __ ] fire. This thing you just built, dude, is actually revolutionary. I don't know if you see this, dude, but having an AI agent that is social aring 24/7 is absolutely revolutionary. The dudes on Wall Street, they're not going to see it coming. They're going to find out ideas six months, a year, two years later. This agent right here, yeah, she's going to be cooking all the time. She going to be watching all those little silly Tik Tok videos that are just too silly for Wall Street. Guess what? Those silly kids, they're running it up. Companies that we can't even think of cuz we're not users of them. So, let's get it, dog. essentially build it into the tool and then I'll run the tool at the test again. We'll test it and then we'll go ahead and uh get it. Okay, let's let's go. Shorty thing. I love this game, bro. I love it. I'm committed to this game for life. It's just too juy. It's just getting better every day. Every single day with this AI, dude, is just getting better and better, wetter and wetter. Better and better and wetter. I do hear some dings. Where are those coming from? It's not my computer on my left side. It's got to be from here. And I know what the app is. I just don't see it open. Do you see Coin Glass open anywhere? I don't. I hear it. Oh, it's right here. Silly guy. Oh, and it's only looking at hype liquidation. Okay, so dings mean hype liquidation now today. Anyone give the clawbots access to cloud code CLI on their setup to use it yet? Trying to save on API. That's what I do. Dom, I haven't spent one penny on API yet. But you got to keep that between me and you. And I won't tell on you if you don't tell on me. And you know what they say about snitches, bro. So, I know there's some snitches in the public chat, but that's the whole reason for the private Zooms, you know? I got ops. I got ops, but I'm trying to take every single dollar for my ops, bro. I'm not teaching I'm not teaching them nothing. I'm not sharing anything with the ops, bro. I'mma put them on another ad. Backtoback ads. How about that? That would be crazy. little doge lick here. So now integrate the transcriber into the brand extractor. Okay, good. Let's see what she's cooking on here. So SO8 confirmed what we s suspected. Only 20% of parameter combos are profitable. So, it's sitting on a fragile edge. OS and Monte Carlo passed, but the PAM sensitivity is a red flag for live trading. Here's what we st where we stand across all three. So, SO2 Cascade Exhaustion 821% out of sample, 98% profitable. S12 domino map 485%. I mean, that looks good, dude. I mean, 821% out of sample is fire. Same same with 485. So, yeah, go ahead and cook up 50 new ideas based off of what's working here and then give me the top five in a data in a table so I can clearly see like, damn, these got 500%. These got 300%, etc. And now you're actually using the full data set when you weren't before. Let's get it, bro. I love this, dude. I mean set up with API access but have a pro plan. Also, they can use a CLI wrapper CLI whenever to research and plan and save. Smart AI with AI. Not sure. Yeah, honestly, I need to figure out how to use this it fully. But right now, I'm just logged in with my clog code. I'm just on day two though, so I just don't know everything yet. Full 2.3 G data. Full 2.3 GBTE data set is here. 28 million events. Now, let me look at the winning patterns to see the 50 new. Okay, dude. Got it. Uh, also, let's go look at these liquidation levels here. Okay, so I was looking at hype here. I just it's ran up like crazy. So, I want to see some people get licked. Uh, like these guys. This guy's about to lose $2.1 million at 3497. This guy. Yeah, there's a bunch of liquidations here. Anytime the start talking, bro, you know they're about to get licked. Where thehls start talking [ __ ] again, bro. Like, you know what's about to happen. So, the liquidations already happened. You know, we could bounce here. I don't know. I'm not here to predict the price, but I'm just looking at liquidation levels. Okay, so here you go, Mundav. Look at this. The full pipeline is now cooking. >> We must keep moving. We must keep going. If you can't fly, run. If you can't run, walk. If you can't walk, crawl. But by all means, keep moving. >> What's been going on, Bash? We actually just built AGI and it's game over. I'm actually going to turn off the stream now because she's going to be working for me for the rest of my life. So, quick call. Yeah, I feel you, bro. You had a quick call. I had to say quick call. You missed it all. Quick call. You miss it all. Bye. Bye, Kenny. Bye, Bash. Bye, everybody. I'll send you the replay, bro. Much love to you. I'm I'm still logged. I'm just kidding. Just Josh. Just Josh. And you didn't miss anything. You'll see everything in the replay. Um, let's go ahead and see. Okay, so she's using the 28. Okay, now let me click. Let me look at the winning patterns. Beautiful. Okay, now this is crazy. This is a crazy tool. Okay, so 9x more brands from the same 10 videos. Sheesh. The transcripts are where the alpha is hiding. All right. So, what I want you to do, dude, is within this flow, I want you to print out the transcripts so I could just really see what's going on, you know? So, while I run the code above, I want those to be printed in the terminal so I can understand where we're at. Uh, print the captions and the transcript. And then I can kind of like look at it and make my own assumptions. And maybe I'll come up with an idea while it's working. You know, I just need more prints. Okay. and then show me how to run it on the um the test and then I'll run it on the full. Do you think I should go ahead and give Claw a try? I think it's worth a shot if you have the plan. Don't I wouldn't use API credits on it yet, but but yeah, why not? Exactly. There's security concerns, right? Yeah, there's security concerns. That's what I heard. Anyone dive into using banker and clabba either? I haven't. Banker. Banker. Banker. Banker. Banker. That sounds like a crypto, right? Banker. AI though. So, is this like actually an AI thing? Bank call report data. That's not it, right? Uh oh, here it is. Bankerbot. Oh, it can buy and sell. Agents that f fund themselves. Launch a token. Trading fees pay for your API costs. Ah, interesting. Wa baby with your results. Yeah, see that's what I do, dude. I usually wait for people to like test new things out and I want to see it stick for like a week or two. If I was really about this YouTube [ __ ] I would be on it day one, but I'm just not. I like to see I like to sit back, relax, let's let everybody else obsess over it, buy their max and yada yada, and I'mma I'mma go be a sniper about it. So, this is like what, week two of Clawot, so I'm I'm relatively late for a YouTuber. Oh god, how did I find myself here, bro? Yeah, I feel BS. If banker worked, it would make you rich. I smell bull. Heard of it, but faint. And those security warnings is something to research first. The whole thing of launching a token is just I'm out at that. I don't care if it's me or my AI. I'm not I'm not putting myself at that risk. There's just I don't want that risk. I don't want people talking to me. I don't want people saying I bought this token and it went down. They all go down. Same thing with the creator tokens on uh Pump Fund. Like, come on, launch a token. Launch your token. So you can stream on Pum Fun. [ __ ] Pump Fun. They literally ruin crypto. I hate Pump Fun. I hate Pump Fun. You think I'm going to support Pump Fun? I like some of the tokens that came out of Pump Fund. Sure. But that's different than Pump Fun. Pump Fun is trash, bro. Like scary scary. I'm I'm scared for the founder of Pump Fund. Like how are you just going to like turn a blind eye? I get it. Zoomers don't give a [ __ ] And I actually It's inspiring. It's inspiring to see how little of a [ __ ] zoomers give. Launching Pump Fund from America is insane. Launching Poly Market from America is insane to us boomers. To us boomers, dude, like there's regulation here, dude. You got to be careful. Like Jeff did the right thing. Jeff who who uh launched Hyperlquid, he moved to Singapore because we don't have the we don't have the laws down here in the US about like launching derivatives exchanges or tokens etc. So zoomers don't give a [ __ ] though. They're just letting it fly. It's like all right that's cool. That's cool. That's cool. Take shots. Crime is legal right now is what they say. Okay. She's cooking in the background while I'm yapping in the front round. And she cooked over here as well. Now you'll see everything. Look at video six. Let's get it. Let's try 20 videos, five tags. So again, this is a social arbitrage thing. Um, and I'll probably just give this script to her. Yeah, what about that? So initialize all of the things. Okay. And this is in my GitHub as well, by the way, the AI agent one. So, pipeline configuration tags to search is five. Videos per tag is 20. So, remember, it's looking at videos that Wall Street won't watch. You know, we all have our thoughts on Tik Tok, yada yada, but that's where the kids is at. So, if they're like literally leading the growth of some of these companies, got to watch some of that. But if you ain't got time to watch it, well, let me have this AI watch it for me. My sold out everywhere is searching. Sold out everywhere. Super expensive. Searching super expensive. Okay, so here we go. Um, torch yada yada. These are warnings. Can you chill on the warnings, gang? Do you think you could hush these warnings? just so it's a little cleaner output. Thank you. Hush the warnings, bro. Hush the warnings. Hush them. Hush them. Hush them. Hush them. Let's see. Uh if the hyperlquidh's are surviving here. Think one of somebody just got licked. Okay, this guy's getting licked at 3485. Oh, he's gone. He's already past that. So, let's see into him. Uh, yeah, he's lost his position. So, he Oh, no. He's still long hype. His lick is 3485. There's a lag here. Done. The future warnings are gone. Okay, good. Because I can't see I can't see anything here. I can't see anything. And I know I'm going over the time. So, I always wanted to give you guys this option because I will go over today. Um, you know, I said I would go till what time? 10 am Eastern. And it is 10 a.m. So, I apologize for that. For those of you that are in the chat, um, I know a lot of people have been asking about how do I learn this stuff? Where do I learn it? Do you have a course? Do you have training? If you guys want me to go over that special offer, I will go over it, throw a one in the chat. Otherwise, I'm just going to keep stepping on the gas. Uh, this is going to go over on length today, and I want to respect your time. So, I know I promised a few of you that I would go over that at the end. If you want it, throw one in the chat if you want me to go over that offer. Um, otherwise, I will just keep going, bro. Okay, so he's at 3469. Okay, so he's getting close. He's getting close. He's getting a close close. And if you guys have to go, I know I said till 10:00 a.m. Eastern. So, if you have to go, don't worry. I will send the replay to you if you are in the Zoom. And if you get into the Zoom before the end, you will also get the replay. So, let's put the public people on ad cuz I don't want to see this part. There is so much I have to show you here today. Every single day I'm live, but I do private lives in Zoom now. So, if you want to chat with me and you want to see all the code, you can see like some of the code is blocked from your screen. I just block it with this little thing here. Um, the reason is I got hacked the other day and it's because some I showed something on my screen. So, there are prying eyes that I can't I can't let see everything. You can still listen to me, of course, and you'll get some uh you know, there'll be some breaks that you won't be able to see everything, right? Um, I'll I'll keep the live open for YouTube, but there's going to be a block on my screen and there's going to be um these segments where I tell you about jumping into the private stream because if you jump into the private stream, there's a link. It's at mundave.com and you're going to get an API key to Hyperlquid's data layer that I built here and this is a direct node and you literally can't get this data anywhere else besides the API key that I drop in the live stream. So you can see I'm able to see all liquidation levels. I'm able to see uh Binance liquidations. I'm able to see OKX liquidations, everybody's liquidations. I'm able to watch HLP. HLP is Hyperliquid's market maker. I get to see every single one of their trades. I also get to see every single um win loss analysis of every single trader. So you can see this is trade history of anybody. So, I can just call anybody's address on Hyperlquid and see exactly what trades they've made and when they're making trades. This is stuff, this is like a institutional grade API that will cost more than $1,000 per month and you actually get access when you join one of my live streams. So, every live stream I put down an API key, but not only that, you also get the full replay. Everybody wants replays of my lives and you get a full free replay. All you have to do is go to moonondev.com and you're going to get a replay of yesterday's stream, which was $5, and today's stream. So, it's just five bucks and you get all of that, but you also get this API key. And I said this is going to be $1,000 plus per month. You can see I have a smart money call. So, things that Wall Street is looking at, I we can all see with this API key. It's Hyperlid's data layer that I built because I believe uh it needs a better API in order to call things faster. I was building out the quant app here that is essentially looking at people's liquidations and I ran into the problem like I need this data faster. So I launched a node and then I made it available for everybody that comes into the zooms each day. But again they're private zooms only because I've got people that are watching my screen looking for me to drop a key, drop a AP I, whatever and just some sort of vulnerability. I got hacked so I just can't show this live on YouTube anymore. So, I cover my screen again like this. I'll just have this up pretty much all day. Uh these are my stats from the previous week. Uh you can see my stats there. Uh since everybody in YouTube, they seem to just be coming by to see uh what's in my pocket. So, um since I started trading with the Quant app, which is pretty much my five years of experience built into a downloadable app, I did this because first off, I don't believe in hand trading. I'm an automated trader. But I looked at the data and everybody's still using 40x leverage. And I looked at I have over 150,000 people now follow me, 100,000 on YouTube, 50,000 on Twitter, and only a small small percentage ever took me up on the offer of learning how to code. I teach you how to code and then automate your trading. I used to teach that stuff. Um, but only a tiny tiny percentage actually did did that. They actually joined the boot camp and then out of that maybe 50% of them actually completed the boot camp. So, I have the data that 99% of people are just trading by hand using 40x leverage. So, I'm trying to solve this problem, the 40x leverage problem. Uh, so I'm doing a little bit of kind of hand trading. I'm not able to enter positions without liquidations happening. So, I'm really just taking over people's liquidations. And why am I taking over people's liquidations? It's because that Hyperlid, that's their strategy. So, if you go to Hyperlquid here and you go to Vaults here, their HLP provider, they put in $1,000 into this HLP provider and it's at $118 million. That's why I built out this data layer to watch every single one of their moves. I know exactly what positions they're they're doing. This is the HLP dashboard. I I know exactly when they're entering, when they're exiting, where they're sitting. I have a bunch of calls that will go ahead and just keep me uh into the know of what they're doing. Plus, every other trader on Hyperlid. Hyperlid opened up the financial system for the entire world. And before this, there was no way for us to see where people get liquidated. So, based off of this premise, I've built some really great automated trading strategies. And since I am here now building for the public, building for those 40x hand traders, I built the Quant app and I'm using that liquidation strategy or one of the liquidation strategies. Of course, there's still intuition here. So, it's not like you can download this Quant app and make a million dollars. No way. There's still some experience and intuition, but this puts like bumpers around your trading. You know, there's risk controls here. I can never use more than X amount of my account. I can't lose more than 3% of my account in a day. Things like that that are just hard to do as a hand trader. I built into the quant app, but I think the main feature is buying and selling around people's liquidations. Nobody can predict price. And if you think you can, you're probably going to get smoked. I think by now you realize that, hey, within like a 1 2% range, it's really hard to predict price. So instead of predicting price, I'm predicting which liquidation to buy. So, for example, I could say when this guy gets liquidated right here, I will buy a portion of my portfolio, but instead of just saying, "Hey, I'm going to buy now or sell now." I'm just waiting for somebody to get licked. So, it's just a quantitative approach I'm trying to build into a downloadable app because I realize 99% of people are still trading by hand and still using 40x leverage. So, if that's the biggest problems trader traders have, that was my biggest problem. I was getting liquidated when I was using leverage, but now I'm three plus weeks in using 40x leverage. And if you go look at my Twitter or on my screen right now, you can see that this week I I had a a nice return. I used 10K max size. So a $4,900 or $4,900 return is about 49%. That's amazing. Is it going to work for you? I don't know. I can't guarantee your results. I don't know how you don't know how risky you are, but I know that for me with 40x leverage, I wouldn't last more than 3 days and I'd be staring at the screen the entire time. So, so far so good. It's It's helped me last 3 weeks and I'm up instead of blown up. So, I don't know. But what this led me to was, hey, I need these liquidation this liquidation data way faster. With the API, you can you can't get this data this fast. You can see how it's changing every second. I have a node launch. I'm connected to the node and that node you have all the data. If you join the zooms, the private zooms because you get a free API key. You can see every single tick data. If you're trading right now algorithmically and you're not using tick data, you're just missing out on a huge edge because every tick matters. It's not about open, high, low, close, volume data. You need the tick data. So I've got the tick data for all tokens. That's just hit that. So you get the API key when you join. It's only for people in the Zoom. I just launched this data layer. Rolling it out slowly. It's only for people in the Zoom. If you API key, it's only for Zoom people. You can see there's a ton of other great things here like liquidation fetching people's positions the top 10 closest liquidation uh getting liquidated positions getting liquidated so kind kind of like what you see in the quant app but yeah I just wanted to give you an update here you can just go to moonundav.com and sign up for the live cool thing I do is I'm here usually for east more but you get a free API key and that's a four $800 val hyper to liquid data layer. If you want to go check out the docs as well, mundave.com/doccks, but I highly recommend just jump into the live right now because I I overloaded it with value. >> You might have more talent than me. You might be smarter than me, but if we get on the treadmill together, right, there's two things. You're getting off first. Yeah. Or I'm gonna die. >> It's really that simple. Now, the p page might look different than this if you're if it's today, but hey, you know, it's every single day around 7 a.m. Eastern. I'm here for 2 to seven hours. And the cool thing is is if you get in before the end of the Zoom, you get yesterday's full replay as well. So, you get a replay from yesterday and you get today's free replay. So, if it's if you still see me on, if you still see me on, you know, you can get in and you can get that day's full replay and yesterday's full replay. And then on top of that, if you get in to the Zoom before it's over, you get the API key. So, every single day, I'm dropping a new API key. So, that's just a nice little incentive for you to make sure to actually show up. But, as you can see, you're going to get my full private stream. This means you get to chat with me all day long. You can ask me anything in the Zoom chat. That's the chat I look at. Those are the people that are on in the inner circle. Those are the people that I want to be speaking to. So, if you join the private live by clicking the link, going to moondev.com, you get for $5, a $5 foot long, you get number one, you get the Zoom access. So, you get to chat with me live all day long. You get the full stream. You get to see all the code. You don't have this big thing on your screen anymore. like you have that on your screen so you can't see my code because I can't have outsiders see my code because I got hacked. So you get the full stream access, you get Zoom chat access, you can ask me anything. If you just got into the live here, then I want to make sure that you get the API key and the quant app and all the goodies and there will be a replay and you'll get access to that on the link that you signed up with >> living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma, which is living with the results of other people's thinking. Don't let the noise of others opinions round out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow already know what you truly want to become. Everything else is secondary. Stay hungry. Stay foolish. >> Stay hungry, stay foolish, dude. Be foolish. Let's get foolish. Let's get foolish, bro. Let's get foolish. Let's get silly. Get silly. Okay, so you can see that's a good one as well. This one is, you know, a higher return, but this is a good example of that. It's a higher return, sure, but the draw down's also bigger. It's a deeper draw down. So, you kind of have to answer this question for yourself, right? Would you rather trade a system that has a 20% return and a 5% draw down or a system with a 30% return and a 12% draw down? You got 28% return and a negative 14% draw down. So this S18 doubled is a monster. 34% return with a 3.4% max draw down. That's 10 to1 return to risk. Okay, so we think alike. Shorty, good job. It looks for two consecutive decay bars after a cascade before entry, which gives insane precision. I like that idea. Really? Okay. But interesting to see. Interesting to see that that is a reversal strategy instead of a momentum strategy. Remember, initially starting today, our momentums were the ones crushing it. But now it seems like the double DK is the best one. So I want you to go ahead and build 20 ideas based off that, but also 20 ideas based off of the opposite, which would be momentum. And let's see if we can beat that double decay. But make sure to keep that double decay here in the final test that you're about to run here, and we'll see how it goes. All right. and she's going through 125 videos, thumb in different languages. This is so sick that she's doing this with a headless browser, too. Like, how is she doing this? How is she doing this by the way with like a headless browser? Is she really able to search Tik Tok? I see the videos popping out and the transcripts so I know it's real. But like how is she able to do this without it popping up on my screen? Yeah, it's real. Chromium is running in the background with headless new flag. Okay, that tells Chrome to render the full uh page but without opening a visible window. Okay, beautiful. No head. I could do no headless if I wanted. That'll open a Chrome window and you can watch it. Navigate to Tik Tok. scroll through results and collect video in real time. Yeah, I think that would be good because I I'm worried that she's not actually searching things, you know. So, let's go ahead and try that. Let's get over to my uh thing here. And then let's say cdt flow, bro. Okay. And then let's say Python run it. Okay. So, she should use a real browser now. Okay, there she is. It's pulled out everywhere. It's top left. I mean, it's working, but um paid partnership. Paid partnership. Okay, first three. Okay, she's doing it, dude. So, okay. I believe her. I believe her. But there is something I would like to update someday. I don't know if today is the day because I don't think we need to. I think we we've got this working. Um, yes, dude. Look at this. If you see Okay. Yes. Have you heard of this Ind Indonesian? I want her to lo uh log into my account because I'm in Americaish. I'm kind of in America. So, how would we do that? Let's talk about it. So the one thing I do notice right now is it's not logged into Tik Tok. So it doesn't have my personalized settings. I mean at least country, right? So I I see it opens it up. And is there a way where like I could log in for her and then she'd use that window or what do you think we should do in order to actually log into my account as that is a US-based account while right now it's kind of worldwide. What params do I use for clawbot to get around the security issues? What? Which ones? Which security issues? The cleanest approach. You log in with your browser visible. We save your cookies to a file and every feature. Okay. API keys and private info. Uh, I use a separate computer and I just control what keys I give her. So, I gave her like my Gmail. It's kind of sketch. Um, I gave her the API key, but I also gave you guys the API key. So, it's just like I don't know. I just don't give her stuff I don't want her to have access to, I guess. compacting. Of course, she's still cooking here, though. 210. She's at 120. And what we got over here, Clawot, let's see. Showdown's cooking. She's cooking. showdown and it's a massacre. Okay. Hope that's a massacre in a good way. Reversal obliterated momentum. That's so wild because we just got convinced today that momentum is better. Geez, dude. Just depends. It depends on what back test, you know. That's why this like whole back testing thing is it's good. It's a better indicator. It's absolutely a better indicator than putting lines on a chart. It's not magic. That's why the process I teach is RBI and that I think of it as incubate. Implement or incubate. Either one. Small size. Yes. Okay. Pipeline complete. Sweet. Adidas. That's not actually it though. Addi. Lego. Okay. Amazon. Of course. Spotify. Lollipop. I don't know what Lollipop is. Mackenzie Child. I don't know what that is. QVC. Okay. Sheen. Yes. New discoveries here. First time seen. Fragrance bazaar. Oh. Got to treat her like a new employee. Whatever you don't want her to have, don't give. There you go. That's a good way to think about it, dude. So, the showdown's in. It's a massacre, bro. Why you call me bro all the time? Is it because I call you bro? 19 out of 20 reversal strategies profitable on BTC 6hour verse. Only four out of 20 of momentum. The entire top 20 is reversal. Not a single momentum strategy cracked the board. Damn. So over the long term reversals are better. But at the start of the day, we were like, reversals aren't better. But my original thought was reversals were better. That's because I've been back testing this for years. So, we're coming to several conclusions, but in the I think it's like intraday almost momentum is better. And let's ask her that. Um, how do you test this conclusion I'm coming to? As you saw, I came into today thinking reversals are better. or you know buy the dip or short the lick short the short lick reversal type strategy but that's because I've back tested a lot in the past but then you kind of proved that momentum is actually better but now we're back to reversal being better so what type of tests and go ahead and run them to can you do to answer the question of which is actually better and my hypothesis is starting to formulate in the sense of long-term reversals are better, but maybe intraday short-term moves momentum is better. I see you're using six-hour data here, so that's kind of long-term, right? I don't know. Test that thesis out. We're just some data dogs stepping on the gas. Let's get it. Claude said 777. Trust the RBI process. That's so sick. That is so so sick. Claude knows, bro. Fun zone, family zone, convos. It's because he called her. >> You have to in a business like this. >> Oh god. >> Things better. Keep improving the system because other parts of it are going to wear out after a while. People will catch on to this or they'll catch on to that. So you you just have to like in any business in any business you just have to make things better and better and better because that's what everyone >> that's what everybody else is trying to do you know cracker came from the chat right everything comes from the chat yesterday I was like what should I name my clawbot and somebody said ninja so I know what you mean dog I know what you mean by calling your AI ninja I've been I've been here on the internet around intels for years Bro, I get it. What's up, my ninja? Her name is Cracker. It will never change. Sorry. It'll never change. I love her name. I think it's a great name. That's a fire hypothesis. Let's prove it or kill it with data. reversal versus momentum across every time frame we have. Let me check what the which data is available first. Okay. Licky lickies. It's a fire hypothesis. Don't tell me my hypothesis is fire. It's not fire. It's not fire. I really wish you would give us more information on the chat of like what's going on right here because I'm just unsure what you're doing. And I have to go to this little thing, which is cool, but it's a different page at the end of the day. And this is, look at this, bro. Can you interpret this? This is how hard we've been going today. Let me see your freaking crab walk. How long do you boil your eggs and how many do you make? I make six. And I used to boil, but I don't boil anymore. I uh there's this like egg machine essentially. Egg boiler. And um that's egg cook. Yeah, egg cooker I guess. Something like this. Yeah, this one. Maybe. Maybe not that one. But I put six or seven in there. And then it just beeps at me when it's done. I think it's like 12 minutes. But then the real alpha is put them in the fridge because I don't eat six or seven. I just put them in the fridge and to me to me they're better cold easier to eat. I mean eggs you kind of get the egg after a while but it's just the best the best like protein pop that I could have here while I'm just lock cuz I'm just locked. I'm just trying to eat enough to be able to drink coffee and step on the gas, you know? So, I just need something fast. And like I always tell you guys, I'll be back in 3 minutes and I come back in like 20 because I'm eating these damn eggs and I'm feeding my dog with the other half of the egg. I'll eat the white and I give my dog the yellows. Not the whole thing though. Not the whole yellow. It's too much for her. It's too much. It's too much for her. All right. The data spoke and it's more nuanced than either of us expected. Your hypothesis got rejected. My date the dog. It's cool. It's cool. Hey, Katon. Thanks for coming through, bro. Much love to you. Good to good to meet you. All right, so the data has spoken and we're both wrong. Both got destroyed. Nobody wins at 15 minutes. That I believe that I believe that 1 hour won. So momentum crushed it on the 1 hour. Four out of five profitable 39% was the best. The 6-hour the rev reversal dominates. So on the longer time frame here so far dominates five out of five profitable 0 out of five momentum profitable 35% margin BTC one day so month over momentum month over month two trades for reversal to trigger then the 1 hour momentum one again six-hour momentum but this is on ETH so this is kind of non-conclusive in my It's not good. It's not a good sign. I like to see it work on multiple data sets. It's not reversals equals long time frame. Momentum equals short time frame. The real finding is BTC 6-hour reversal is a unicorn edge. Five out of five strategies profitable. Nowhere else does reversal work this cleanly. Everywhere else, momentum wins. Something specific about BTC's liquidations cascade dynamics on the 6-hour time frame creates the perfect mean reversion pocket. Maybe it's because BTC has the deepest liquidity. So, cascades genuinely exhaust and snap back. While on ETH and soul, the cascades just keep going. The play might be momentum everywhere plus reversal only on BTC 6-hour as a complimentary pair. want me to dig into why BTC is special? No, I don't. I don't want you to dig into that. I want to go over here and I want to go ahead and give you access to this GitHub. Is there any risk to that? Now, I'mma build it here by myself for a while because I'm just building this new social arbitrage agent. And let's see if I can get logged in. Okay, so login once saves the cookies. So we say Python. This runs a visible browser window, navigates to Tik Tok login and waits for you to log in manually. Once logged in, press enter, then run the test. Okay, so I need to log in. I need to figure out what my Tik Tok password is first. If you don't follow me on Tik Tok, you're cooked because you're not in the game where all of the [ __ ] [ __ ] is flying right now. All the ideas are over there on Tik Tok, dude. It's so much brain rot. And if you could survive through the brain rot, you could get good ideas. It's just there's so much trash. So much trash. But if you survive, you will be more up to speed with what's actually happening in this world. I'm big time, so I'm not I'm not I'm not up to date with what's going on at all. I'm locked, dude. I'm up to date on like developer nerd [ __ ] not what like people are buy spending their money on. So that's why I'm building this social arbitrage agent here. See if I could find my Tik Tok password somewhere. Oh, okay. I found it. Sweet. I'm going to put you guys on pause for a second so I don't show you my Tik Tok password because you guys are going to put naughty Tik Toks up. I'm going be cooked. I'm going be cooked. Okay. So, let's go ahead and say log in here. Supposed to just run this script. Tflow bro. Python run it. Okay. Just double checking. You guys can't see this, right? Yes. Username. Um, login with email or username. Yes. Moon devonT. But what's my password is the real question. I'm hacking you back if you hack me. By the way, if you hack me, I'm hacking you back. Log in. Maximum. What do you mean, bro? Maximum attempts. That doesn't make sense. I mean, are you hitting it somehow? Are you like hitting the API too many times or something? I get this even when I'm just trying to log in for the first time. That's weird. I suppose you guys can come back. It doesn't You can see this. I don't think it shows my password. Resume. Maybe it does though. No, it don't. If I type stuff in. Yeah, that's my username. So, if you want to you want to attempt at hacking me, I'll hack you back. Actually, I won't hack you, but it's pretty cool to see you guys got my back like that. That one troll yesterday, you guys were like, "Be careful." >> Don't get involved if you take this. I bought some hol. >> You said be careful. We're some engineers here that will We're not afraid to do some nasty things. And we as in you because I'm I'm afraid to do anything nasty. I keep it white hat. That's why I named her cracker of course. Okay. So the issue was the regular selenium gets fingerprinted by Tik Tok bot as which is maximum. Okay. Here's the what we fixed. Uh installed undetected Chrome. Okay. So let's try that again. Shorty. Let's try it again. Let's try it again. So I have to go log in here. Hold up. Hold up. Hold up. Can you also make sure that my password or nothing sensitive is printed in that terminal when I run this as I am live on stream. Looking at eggs. Looking at eggs. Damn. 1 million hype here at 3370. Uh 1 million as well at 3408. Oh, he already got cooked. I need to look into this. Why is that delayed? So, let's go to Quant app here. So, our long snare lick and short near lick seem to be delayed like longer than they're supposed to be. They're supposed to update every second. Is it your side or their side? Like, for example, I'm looking at hype specifically and maybe it's because I'm looking at a specific token and maybe it's delayed there, but I don't know. At the end of the day, I'm looking at hype and it looks like the price is at 3371 and there are people that are supposed to get liquidated at 3397. So, they shouldn't be appearing anymore. Let me know if it's your side or my side. And my side, I'm I'm the server side. So, we keep it on the strong side. Strong side. Server side. Your left side. Your weak side. But it's okay. Either side. We just got to figure out why the long snare lick and shorts near lick for um tokens specifically hype. I'm I'm looked at filtered. It's like lagged by probably like 45 seconds, maybe a minute. Is this the actual data that we're getting? Maybe. Oh, that could be it. It could be on server side where we're it's taking a long time to check these different wallets. Yeah. But just do a whole analysis here and see what's goji. For example, it's now updated. But when I was starting this prompt though, it wasn't. Did he give some up at least 1.2? He's got a long on BTC and hype. It's interesting. Let's go see if shorty is done yet. Yo, does it add a bell here when they're done? I think it does. That's amazing. Okay, we're going to get try to get logged into Tik Tok here. Hip install. Thanks for the update, dude. Like that's far. Love that for us. [ __ ] Super far. Opening Tik Tok in undetected. Okay. Uh um what do I do here? So I did do the I did do the pip install. What do I do from here though? I get this popup when I do try to open it. So we're using undetected undetected Chromium. Yeah, they can't see nothing. Oh, Tesla up. Tesla up. Nvidia is still down. Amazon down. Okay. Okay. I wonder what the uh the mixed signals are here for today. I'm not paying attention to any of this stuff. Just popping in here and there. Terminal would like Yeah, you can have access. [ __ ] it. Hope that wasn't a hacker. Let's see what she said. Oh, they do put a bell up here. That's really cool. I just noticed that. Cool. Okay, so now I have a full picture here. Great. Um, the delay is server side, not the app. Here's the breakdown. client side is doing everything right. Okay, good. It's good to hear. So, our server side has some sort of delay and I need to look into that because that is big. Uh positions close to liquidation. Currently, we are running into some sort of delay. Um okay, so I'm looking at positions close to liquidation for for example hype and it takes a while to update them. I'm starting to think that maybe this is because our priority is based on the priority wallets, right? And the priority wallets are closest to liquidation across all symbols. Now, if somebody has an application that's looking at only hype liquidations, those might take longer to update. Is that correct? How can we uh fix this? How can we make sure that we can update these faster? Also, we're in a parallel. Go ahead and launch another agent for this, but we're getting this API error for some people. How long has this been happening, fam? Thank you. Yo, I love being able to sit here with you guys and fix it right away. I love that. Love that. Thank you so much for pasting these errors. This is actually, if you think about it, this is revolutionary what we're doing here. There's never been this tight of a feedback loop in building software or anything, you know, since I throw all my data on the API and I'm locked in with you. You've never seen anything like this before. You've never seen this before where we got you guys using the API, me using the API. So, we got 30 30 eyes on the API all time and whenever there's an error, an idea, whatever, we fix it in the day. We fix it in an hour. Oh, new idea. Who this? Okay, it's deployed. There's no like [ __ ] me asking my boss and all that [ __ ] No way. We're stepping on the gas. My boss is clawed. I don't know. I think it's I think it's actually revolutionary. I noticed this when I was building the quant app out app out cuz I used to build software, right? I used to build apps and it would be like six months to build the app with some developer you hired off Upwork and then you'd put it into the app store, probably get rejected 14 times, take 3 months to get in there, then you get in there and then you get no users in there using your app and then 7 months later you get your first user and then they say it's trash and you get some feedback back and then you go update it, pay another two, three, four, $5,000 for the app to get updated by the developer and Then [ __ ] 82 months later, you got your first update. But here, we're locked, bro. We're locked. There's a There's something wrong. Let's get it. Let's fix it. Oh, this isn't my error. Wait, hold up, hold up, hold up. Was that a claw code error? Oh, this is that cloud code error, dude. [ __ ] It's not your API. I'm over here [ __ ] talking all this [ __ ] Why are you guys sending me [ __ ] cloud code errors? Thought that was API error. Okay, let's get it locked in. Okay, I fully analyzed both systems. Here's what's happening. First symbol, liquidation delay. Your diagnosis is correct. You have two competing scanners. Both right into the same positions. Jason, >> make a choice, >> right? You just decide what it's going to be, who you're going to be, how you're going to decide. And then from that point, >> the universe is going to get out your way. It's like it's water. It wants to it wants to move and go around stuff, you know. >> So, okay, this is the problem. It's the full scan is every 90 seconds. It scans 23,000 wallet addresses. priority scans every 1 second between full scans, but only updates the 98 addresses, the wallets with the top 50 longs and top 50 shorts. The bottleneck for hype specific queries is it only has 23 positions total. If a hype position isn't in the global top 50, it won't get priority scanned at all. What can we do here? The priority scan should also regenerate per symbol files. Let's do that. Let's do that. I think that I think that's probably the best way to do it. Yeah, my bad. That was uh API error. Ignore that. But you did hit the other thing. You're goat. Thanks. Uh essentially, I think the way to do it is for the individual symbols that are close to liquidation. Let's have like a few of them we'll we'll have priority for, right? And it'll be like the top four addresses close to liquidation, they'll be thrown to our priority scan. So instead of like the top whatever for the full priority, these will be individual symbols top four. So we don't make it too bloated. You see what I'm saying? But yeah, the the key here is that hype is not as updated as quickly. It's 90 seconds instead of 1 second or two second. We need to get closer to one to two or like at least under 10. You know what I'm saying? Okay. So she knows what I'm saying. And then let's do it for uh [ __ ] doesn't even work anymore. I can't even click I can't click through it. DTC hype. Um ETH. Um what are some other symbols that are important here? Milliseconds obviously would be nice, bro. Soul, BTC, hype, ETH, soul. Any other symbols that are relevant these days? Like big dogs? You got BTC, you got ETH, you got soul, you got hype. All right, let's do it for those. This is going to make it much better. It's going to update much faster. You saw there was a 90 second lag on the individuals. Um there's no lag on the others, but okay. So now, for some reason, I'm not able I'm trying to select uh the drop down. Maybe it's cuz I'm zoomed in more or something, but the drop down doesn't drop down anymore. And I'm talking about the all drop down, the symbol drop down thing. milliseconds would be nice, bro. Let's see what's going on over here. She's done with something. So, done. Uh, okay. Quarantine flag has been cleared. Let's get it. So, I got to still log in to Tik Tok. And again, we're switching back and forth all the time here. Um, if you want to learn this stuff, throw one in the chat and I'll go over the actual like course stuff. But until then, I'm just stepping on the gas. And if you can't keep up, then [ __ ] It's your bad, not mine. It's your bad, not mine. Let's get it. So, I still get this error. I still get this error shorty. Run it again. Run it back. Run it back. What do I do about this, dude? Move to trash. I just moved it to trash. But maybe that was a mistake, but I clicked the move to trash button because it didn't work again. What could I do here? All right, this is tricky, but I think it's going to be I think it's worth the time. I think it's worth the time to get onto a US Tik Tok account essentially because that's what I really want to see. No offense to everybody else in the world, but no offense to literally everybody here. No offense. It's just we're the biggest consumers, right? You kind of got to watch You got to watch that. You got to watch the US. Okay, so here we go. Let's try it out. We're trying to get logged into Tik Tok here for some social arbitrage. Nice, dude. Almost. Almost. It successfully opened the thing, the page, the web page, but then wasn't successful in actually getting the Tik Tok and just crashed. Thank you. We're going to get it. We're going to get it. We're using the sketch part of Chromium. I guess the hidden the hidden. You can't see me. You can't see nothing. Can't see nothing. No. No. You can't see anything anymore. It's locked down. Private Zooms only deleted the stale version. Thank you, Shorty. Let's get it, dude. This is game changing if we can. I think we can. We just got to keep working on it, man. We just got to keep working on it, man. Okay, so here we go. Okay, now I just say username, login with username, and then my password. Forgot it already. He's got a fish brain. But I step on a gas longer than you, so I'll win every time. I'll win every time. Something went wrong. Damn. So they don't let this happen, do they? What can we do, bro? Something went wrong. I think they know. I think they're on to us. There's got to be another way. Come on. Think about this, gang. Let's get it. I think they're on to us. I think they're on to us. Please, please, please let me through. Let me through. Please, please, please. Let me build. Let me build. Build, baby. Build. Learn, baby. Learn. Come on. Step up on the guys. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Okay, completely a different approach. Mooney, instead of fighting Tik Tok's bot detection with a browser, let's just export your cookies straight from your real Chrome when you're where you're logged in. No browser opens. Okay. Steps. Close Chrome. Log in to Tik Tok with your normal Chrome browser if you aren't already. Close Chrome. So, close the whole thing. Okay. Peace. Oh, [ __ ] No, I can't do that, dude. I can't close Chrome. You mean close the entire Chrome right now? Cuz I'm using it. I can't just close that [ __ ] I guess I could. I guess I could, but just let me know. Do I need to like hard quit Chrome? I am logged in on TikTok right now. It's just gonna be annoying, but that's okay. I'll do it if I need to. I'm not afraid to die on a treadmill. You might have more talent than me. You might be smarter than me, but if we get on the treadmill together, right, there's two things. You're getting off first or I'm >> I'm gonna die. It's really that simple. >> So simple. Let's see what's going on with our server here. Our node. Okay, here we go. This is the actual node which you get the API for. Syntax is good. Here's a summary. The position scanner. Okay. Um, it looks now for those priority symbols. Gets the top four. after building the uh actually no let's let's go ahead and make it top 10 for all those symbols because then it'll just be 40 addresses right it's not that crazy and they can still scan very quickly and then yes go restart it so it works okay So, let's see here in Chrome. Go to Tik Tok. Get the fudgy out of here, bro. You little noteaker. Noteaker. Died. People throwing their AIS up in this [ __ ] now. I told you the ops are lurking, dude. They're throwing their AIS in here. No need to close Chrome. Here's how to do the new flow. In Chrome, go to Tik Tok. Okay. Press F12 to open Dev Tools. Click the console tab. Type copy and press enter. This copies all your cookies to your clipboard. Run the login command and paste. Run the login command and paste. It'll ask you to paste. Okay, I see. Sweet, sweet, sweet. I can do this. I just can't do it on screen. So, let me go ahead and just uh block you guys real quick. Pause. Yeah, I need to do that to the YouTubies as well. The newbies on the YouTubies. Let's just put them on a No, no, no, no, no, no. You've seen enough. see enough ads today. I'll be nice. Okay, so let's go to Tik Tok. Still taking this off screen. Command option I. Okay. And then I go to dev tools, the console tab. Okay. Type copy document. Okay. Copy document cookie and press enter me from here. I tried it but but it didn't seem to run anything. It said error. Oh, they're on my clipboard. Perfect. So, arbitrage agent login. Run that. Paste your cookies here. Oh, but that didn't work because Sorry, I copied the [ __ ] Okay, I'm going to do that again. And then I'm going to go over to get my cookies. Copy documents here. Undefined. Okay. Paste my cookies here. I got them. Sick. Okay. Now, let's say command L. Yep. Command L. If you didn't know, I'll tell you what that does here in a second. Command L is a good one. That will go ahead and delete anything that's on your screen on terminal. Command L just because all this stuff is is hard, bro. I mean, it's just hard to know everything. It's impossible to know everything, actually. Okay, I did that, gang. All right, so don't print anything out, but I did that. And the login is Gucci now. So, how do I run the bot? And can you run it in a mode where I can see the actual website so I can be sure that we're logged in in Claude's back? Damn. They must have got you guys on the $100 plan or something because my claw didn't go down. Working perfectly. All four files updated within 3 seconds of each other. Okay. Nice, dude. Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful, beautiful. So now they should update more often. Okay, cool. Sweet. That's pretty neat. Run it, dude. Run it. Test no headless. I got to wrap this up soon, dude, because I've been here for too long and this is going to take just too long for it to process. So T, let's go ahead here and say no headless. Okay, let's get in there. Log in. Log in, gang. Why you Why didn't you log in? Gia, but the thing is is she never logged in, bro. Down 12%. What the hell? What do you think is going on there? Oracle is down 12%. So, our partners financing for the Dota Ana County NM Shakurer County. Oh, you see it blink though. That's good. It's going It's going better now. You saw it blink over here in the top left. This was a the issue. Cookies were added, but the page was never refreshed. So, Tik Tok didn't know about them. Now it loads. Tik Tok.com adds cookies refreshes. Okay. Log in. I mean, for real, it's the same thing, bro. For real, it's the same thing, dude. I ran that and it still started searching without actually logging in. I need login. I think it's it's dope how it is right now, but it could be so much doper if it it's got some like America stuff up in it. And I know America's whack. I get it. Americans are whack. I get it. I get it. And the world is way sicker than America. So, don't let my rhetoric of wanting to see what the trends are in America say anything about where you're from, Art. I love where you're from. I love Italy. I've never been. Actually, that's cap. Fun fact, I lived there when I was a baby, but I can't tell you anymore. Can't tell you anything else. I haven't been there as a as an adult, though. So, doesn't even count. So the problem with the document.cookies can't see the session cookies because they're HTTP only. The new command uses cookie.get all which grabs everything including the session cookie. Okay, run the login again. Same steps. Okay, so let's go ahead and run that login again. Let's bring that over here just so I don't share those cookies. Okay. And then I'm going to go here and maybe I need to log out. I'm going to log out and log back in. Log out. Okay. What you trying to do? >> Applications. >> Put your phone in my face. Don't put your foot in my face. >> Why would you push somebody? >> Stay away from me. Next time I'll take you to custo, but I'll take you in. >> I'm an attorney. >> Learn, baby. learn so that we can earn baby asylum applications. There's nothing wrong with them. Why you trying to pick them up? >> You don't know what they have. >> Dude, you have no idea. It's not legal. >> Yo, bro, that's in Portland, too. >> [ __ ] Yo, that's crazy. This whole ICE stuff that's going on right now, this is actually [ __ ] Hitler type [ __ ] You know that, right? You know that, right? This [ __ ] is bad. This [ __ ] is bad. So, it's crazy. I wasn't even I'm not even watching that video, but I know what's going on. And then I just saw that it's in Portland and that's uh you know, I'm from the Northwest, so we got ice out there, too. [ __ ] dude. That's why I name my [ __ ] bot Cracker. It's crazy, dude. It's crazy. Just because your boy is in power right now doesn't mean you're better than us. I'm just saying, dude. Just cuz you got the yellow head, man, doesn't mean you're better than everybody else. And that's what I hate about crypto right now. So many incelss coming out the woodwork. Scary, scary world. Scary world. Be careful, fam. Got a lot of people that are pretty much stuck up in the house, you know. Okay, so I can't log back in. So they're kind of cooking me here. I think they just see me trying to log in too much through the computer and they're pretty much saying something went wrong. Please try again later. But I know my password is correct. Yeah, I think I'm going to be done here. I'm not going to [ __ ] with this anymore for now. I think the next step is figure out how do I get logged in. So, let me go ahead and write this down because this is actually super interesting to me having the um Claude social arbitrage and then later I can go ahead and turn this into something that I just use on Clawbot. I don't know. Again, this is only day two of Clawbot. So, all right. Is there a version that works still without logging in? because essentially we're running into login issues and I want this to cook. I want it to run on worldwide but I think it's going to be better when it's focused or consumers in America just is what it is. Not necessarily but okay. We have version one here that it can't log in. That's fine. Let's run it. Is there a script I can run or do I just run it regularly? Yeah, just show me how to run it and then I'll have that run. test some ideas overnight and I'll come back tomorrow and try to keep figuring out how to login. Essentially, they're they're just cooking me on the login. They're just like, "You're logging in too many times. Something went wrong." They're not telling me what went wrong, but this is on my actual um browser as well, like as a human being. So, that's the weird thing about it. Okay, so I'm going to get that run in here. We're going to watch this video. It's none of your business. >> It is my business. What you trying to do? Applications. >> Put your phone in my face. >> Don't put your phone in my face. >> Why would you push somebody? >> Stay away from me. >> Stay away from me. Next time I'll take you to custody. I play from the past, but I'll take you in. >> I'm an attorney. I don't care attorney. >> I don't care. this immigration attorney. You'll be standing in court, too. >> I'm standing here. >> You going to shoot me? >> These guys have active asylum applications. There's nothing wrong with them. Why are you trying to pick them up? >> You don't know what they have. >> So, why are you trying to pick them up? You have no idea. It's not legal. >> It's none of your business. >> It is my business. I'm your attorney. >> It's exactly my business. >> Get the [ __ ] out of this apartment. Get out of here. Just leave. These guys are here legally. Get out of here. >> Get out of here. Get out of here. >> You're funny. What are you trying to do? My mom's like, >> "Yeah, good. You learned your lesson." So, get out of here. >> Get the [ __ ] out. Go. >> Can't believe you're not afraid to show your face. Get out of here. Here. >> You're touching your pepper spray. attorney. >> Do you have a warrant? >> So, under condition. >> No. Do you have a warrant? >> Yeah. [ __ ] you. Get out. Get out. >> Yeah. Get out. It is. >> Why are you arms length? You just came out to me, so back off. Arms length right now. >> Don't you dare push me again. >> [ __ ] yeah, dude. Get the [ __ ] out. >> Get the [ __ ] out. >> Because you're such tough guys. You're such tough guys. >> So sick, bro. You're so sick. >> Just get out. >> You show me a warrant. >> You show me a warrant. >> No. No. Show me a paper. Show me these people. Listen, >> there is due process and you guys are not following us. So get in your car and get the [ __ ] out. >> There are also conditions of relief. >> You have no idea what these people are here on. >> You have no idea. >> No, I didn't because I'm attorney. >> So what were their condition? >> I'm not telling you because you don't know. >> They were alternative to detention, right? >> Alternative to detention. >> We're going to we're going to go arrest the people. >> You have no idea what it is. Get the [ __ ] out of here. >> And it's not grow. Do something good for your living. >> I'm talking really politely to you. I know you're trying to get under my skin. No, I care. I care about people. >> All right, so give me your >> I don't get how you can be brown on that side and like be on ISIS's side. That's crazy, dude. That's crazy. You got your all your [ __ ] brown privileges are taken away for the rest of your life. That's crazy to me, dude. Literally got Hitler [ __ ] going on. It's picking people up for no reason. What the hell? Ain't none of us from this [ __ ] country, dude. None of us. We stole this [ __ ] way way back. So, [ __ ] off, [ __ ] All right, bro. Um, I'm I'm I'm uh I'mma end it there. If you want to join and learn absolutely everything from me, I only have one thing you can join. That's the stream. It's for five bucks. Other than that, I got some people asking me about if I teach this stuff. I know I'm going fast, so I'll just give you a few minutes to join this. It's closed right now. moun.com/go if you do want to learn exactly how to automate your trading, but you missed it. I'll open it up here just in a second. Let me go ahead and explain everything. This is what you're going to get today. It's absolutely everything. It's lifetime access to everything. I'm going to show you step by step how to automate your trading in the next 15 days. $3,000 value at the minimum because I would have paid so so much more for that. I'm also going to show you how to get caught up to speed with me in AI and everything I know about AI you will learn. On top of that, you get the Solana Copybot course and the Cyberbot course. This took me almost a year to build and you get access to everything including the code. You get the Poly Market Trading Bot course as well. It's a $1,900 value. This is a $7,000 value because I would have paid that, no doubt, for what I know. Of course, I'll buy it. You get every Zoom call for free for the rest of your life. You don't have to pay me anything. And on top of that, you got two plus years of actual code, bots, back tests, etc. Everything is added every single week, multiple times a week. Okay, we've been doing this for years. People are paying $300 a month right now for this. You get access for life. You get access for life. Chasing Jim Simons, a $31 billion man. I don't have time to nickel and dime you. I don't have time to say, "Hey, I have this boot camp that teaches you this AI master class that teaches you that." So, a lot of cop, dude, we don't have enough time. That's my problem. So, I'm stepping on the gas. If you want to learn everything I've known in the past, you could learn it here. mundave.comgo. $13,000 value at least. Plus, you get the Mundv vault, which is two terabytes of my past streams. Every single thing that I've built, you get to see full access everything. Dude, you got 45 minutes to join. You get the Moonv API key. You don't have to get a new one each day. You know, right now, as a special intro, I'm giving the API key for free for a stream. But if you want actual API access forever and liquidation data that's worth $10,000 because Coin Glass literally charges that amount, you get that all as a bonus. And you get my trading bot GitHub and my AI agents GitHub. Both of those I was working on today. So I'm going to push to both of those today. You get access to both of those GitHubs. These are bonuses because the real transformation is showing you exactly how to automate your trading step by step and how to have AI do the hard stuff. Even if you don't know how to code, you get access to all of this. You got 44 minutes. You get Quant app access as well. Quant app. You've seen me tinkering on this today. I can literally see everybody's positions. If you can't see everybody's positions, how are you going to trade against me, let alone everybody else that's in here. This is lifetime access. You get access to everything. You got 43 minutes. You got 43 minutes, dude. Uh you see what you can get here. Let me go ahead and make sure the website's open. Uh it's a $48,000 value. You see all the people just like you that found me here on the internet. Somehow I don't know how. I did not ask you to come here. It doesn't matter to me if you were here or not. I love you because you are a data dog and I respect you because you are a data dog. You're looking for a better way to trade. You found me. Thanks for coming through. You could see other people just like yourself that found me. >> And really don't don't get involved in this industry if you're not going to die for it, dude. Because it's a very very vicious game. The the prize is huge. $31 billion he ran up. So, I'm just following him, trying to get my B. And I don't need 31 B's. So, I'll share every single step of the way. I'll leak my edge to the people that jump into the boot camp and this offer. You see everything I know. So, of course, I'm not Jim Simons. He ran up a net worth of $31 billion. So, would I pay $24,000 for this? That's half off. Yes, I would pay $24,000. I want to make it irresistible. Would I pay 12,000? You answer that, dude. If you had one profitable trading bot, would it be worth $12,000? Yes, of course. Of course, dude. Would it be worth 7,200? Of course. I'm going to make this a no-brainer, but you only have 42 minutes. Let me know any questions you have. It's a no-brainer because you get the algo trade camp where I show you step-bystep how to automate your trading, even if you've never coded a day in your life. I didn't either. I didn't know how. I give you the AI master classes will help you do the heavy lifting here. You saw me use AI all day. Get caught up to speed with me here quickly with this lifetime package. You get the Salana copy bot course. You get the Sniperbot course. You get the Poly Market Trading Bot course. Nobody's showing you how to build bots on Poly Market except me right here. So, let's lock in. I'll spend a little bit of time talking about this when I do get questions, but other than that, I'm so locked, bro. I'm so locked. What were we here for? Four hours today. I could easily be here for eight. I could keep going, dude. And I might I might have to. I might have to because we don't have enough time. We got AI to build anything that's in our mind. This is the the decade of the idea guy. So yeah, this is everything I got, bro. You get the bonuses as well. The vault, everything I have access to, you have access to. The API key, hyperlid data layer. That's crazy. Trading by GitHub, the AI agents GitHub, and Quant app. 1,500 bucks. A small small investment in a brand new way of trading. Right now you're probably getting liquidated. You're using too much emotion, etc. Go to mundave.com/go and you can join. It will close in 41 minutes. Okay, so it's not even open. So I got to open it first. So mundave moon dash. So for the slashgo page, please open it and then have it close at 12:00 p.m. Eastern time. So, there's that timer at the top. Right now, it's expired, so it's closed. So, you just have to change that time. Okay. So, you got about 40 minutes. I'll hang around, answer any questions while I keep on stepping on the gas. But, at the end of the day, we all know money replenishes. It's what are you going to spend that money on? You can go to mundave.com/go. Uh, line up there. The end of 40 minutes, it'll be gone. So, if you have any questions, let me know in the chat. Other than that, uh, you know where to go. It's mundad.com. You know, there's a 100% money back guarantee. By the way, maybe you didn't know that. I do that because why wouldn't I? I don't want your money. I want your mind. I only want the mind of people who are actually stepping on the gas, though. So, if you're a doer, you'll jump in because it's a no-brainer. It's 90 days money back guarantee. You could literally learn how to automate your trading, build your own bots, and then get your money back if you feel like it's not worth it. There's 200 plus back tests in Quantite plus another 100 plus back tests in Trading Bot GitHub. Quantite is where you get new code all the time. I actually got to push some code right now to GitHub. So I'm going to push it to those two GitHubs and you get access to both of them. So the stuff we were working on today is absolute walker flock of flames. So let's go ahead and add it. Um, get addit commit slashm social arbitrage get push. Okay, so I added to the AI agent GitHub. You get access to 20 plus AI agents just as a bonus. And it might be might be too early for those, but you'll have them and you have access to everything for life. Moon.com/go and it should be awake now. Let's see. mundave.com/go. I'll put it in the chat. Okay, you got 39 minutes. If you have questions, let me know. Remember, you're going to learn exactly how to automate your trading even even if you've never coded before. I show you step by step and then I show you how to use AI to do the heavy lifting for you. And then I show you how to build bots on Solana and Poly Market. So, in Algo Trade Camp, you're going to learn how to build bots for any exchange, hyperlquid, crypto. Inside the trading bot course, I have connections to interactive brokers if you want to trade stocks, futures, whatever. So, at the end of this, I want you to be a full stack quant. That's the goal. That's the goal. I want you to be able to build for any any exchange, any platform, because then your ideas really matter. Cuz if you have an idea that's on a platform I'm not trading on, boom, you could go whip it up. I teach you absolutely everything I know. And I know for a fact I can build anywhere any idea. back and test to see if it actually worked in the past and then deploy it in the future. It's just there's a lot of ideas. You got to pick which path you want to go. That's what I do each day. I lock in here live with you and I pick my path and I show you absolutely everything if you're in the live Zooms. But it's going to cost $5 to $20 every single day for the rest of your life if you want to lock in with me. So, if you get this lifetime access, you don't have to pay for the Zooms anymore. You don't have to pay for any of my code. You don't have to pay for you get everything any future release as well. All you have to do is go to moonondav.com/go. Let me go ahead and put that in the chat and then I'll show you how to do this. Go ahead and get the lifetime pass, bro. It's worth it. This is what Dev Monty says. No, I don't even know Moon personally. He didn't put me up to this. But yeah, it's a steal of a deal. He ain't lying. Nobody else will show you this stuff. Thank you, Dev. I appreciate you, Dev Monty. Um, you did come in a little late, so my bad about the API. I do give the API key here. I'm here for the API key. There you go. I'm here for that. Good. Good, bro. Now, you can have fun with the API until next stream. When is next stream? Maybe tomorrow. Maybe tomorrow. We'll see. But, uh, essentially, for this first month of the API being released, I just wanted to let you guys have nice bonuses. So, I'm giving them away in the Zoom. So, if you can't afford the 1,500, I I don't get that. But I understand the fear of giving up money to some random dude on the internet. I understand that part. You know, for a fact you're going to lose more than $1,500 to your next liquidation. So, if you're going to keep trading emotionally, you'll lose way more than the 1500. So, I think it's a no-brainer. That being said, in case that is too much, I do have a payment option as well. Let's go ahead and make sure that the outsiders as well do get access to this deal. That being said, this is really something that's built for members already. And if you are new here, you're very, very privileged to even see a lifetime offer from me. Cuz you know how it's been. It's been 300 a month, 367 every single month. So, if you're a member, you know, if you're on the outside, I just want to let you know this isn't this isn't cap, bro. This is literally people are paying this right now. I built this offer lifetime all access for my bros that have been locked in and paying this, dude, because why wouldn't I? I'm trying to separate the the strong from the weak, the people that will actually step on the gas and take chances on learning a new way to trade. It's just like it's just a better life. You didn't see me. I looked at the chart like six times today, max. If I was hand traded, I would have looked at it at 60 60 times. I would have been staring at it all day. Would have just been staring at this all day. It's just a tough life. So, one of the greatest things I hear from people and I feel so hard is that once I joined the boot camp, my life just got better. I got less stressed out. My anxiety went down. And you know what they're talking about, right? You take a couple days off of trading and you are feeling better, dude? Because you're not worried about which way the price is going to go gambling with your life savings. No. When you come become an automated trader, you prove out your strategies prior to deploying them. So now you're working on things that compound. You saw me test some liquidation stuff today that had good results. That's only because I'm compounding from the past, right? I'm always finding new things. and then adding to those things, making my systems better and better and better because that's what everybody else is going to do. That's what Jim Simon says. So, you got to make your systems better and better because that's what everybody else is going to do. So, go to mundab.com/go. It's in the chat. Click this button right here and join. This will not be here forever. And you have CLA crypto, whatever. However you want to pay for it, you can pay for it. CLA is pretty cool. Somebody was asking about this in the Discord the other day, yesterday. Yo, you have a $72 plan now kind of. If you're in the States and you can you can get access to CLA here. It is 14% APR. That's probably cheaper than a credit card, but it's $72 a month for 24 months. Now, only do this if you're actually going to step on the gas. I've told you guys this story a hundred times already, but I didn't have any money in college. I don't think anybody has money in college, but I want I wanted to buy this program that cost $2,000. So, I intentionally put this price at $1,500 because if I, a broke college kid, can afford $2,000, let's get it. >> You just decide what it's going to be, who you're going to be, how you're going to do it. Just decide. >> Decide. >> And then from that point, the universe is going to get out your way. It's like it's water. It wants to it wants to move and go around stuff. You know, >> it wants to move and go around stuff. So, if you actually want to be an automated trader, you could you could just decide to be an automated trader. Option A, go back to doing what you're doing right now. Trade by hand, getting liquidated, getting stressed out, losing all your money. Or option B, approach the markets a different way, an automated way. You see all the things I was able to chef up today? That's only because at the age of 30, I decided to learn how to code because I had a big problem, emotional trading. I met somebody that was trading a billion dollars a day fully algorithmically and he didn't look much different than me. So, I was like, "Yes, I could do that. If you could do it, I could do it." That's why I always say, "If I could do it, you could do it better, dude." Because you have different ideas than I do. Better ideas. So, let me get you caught up to speed on my five years of hard work. You see how hard I go? I do this every day for the last five years. Don't you think I'm going to be able to get you up to speed in the next couple months? The boot camp is 15 days. It's been expanded to six weeks because I'm not a guru. I'm not somebody who just did this in the past and is teaching it. No, dude. I got a long way to go to get to $ 31 billion. Dude, Jim Simons did it. So, why can't I? I'm locked. I'mma stay locked. And if you want lifetime access to everything that I ever dropped, then come on. Let's get it. If not, that's cool. Much love to you. Um, you got 35 minutes to join, but I'm not going to sit here and answer no questions. If you got questions, let me know. But, uh, other than that, you got 35 minutes to join. I'll keep this page up. Actually, it automatically will turn off, I believe. Let's go ahead and just double check that. So, Moon Dash. Okay, perfect. So, it will close at 12:00 p.m. Eastern. And just to verify, this will automatically close, correct? Don't be a dabbler, dude. Don't be a dabbler. Don't Don't kick it with me for 4 hours. Be super into what I'm showing and then just go back to your old life. There's payment plans for everybody. You can go to mundave.com/go. You can split this into two payments. You could use a credit card if you're actually going to step on the gas. You, like I said, you know, I spent two G's on my first course that I purchased. And then I spent another 15K to build an app that was trash. I'm 17K down. You literally get to decide what you want to do. You just have to move that way. Good, bad, whatever, it doesn't matter. I made it happen, bro. I kicked off my entire career as this entrepreneur that didn't know how to code. able to ship. I shipped a thousand apps, bro. Shipped. I scaled that. I scaled that. I scaled many other things after it from a non-technical standpoint. Just an idea guy. But once I needed to automate my trading, I knew it was going to take iteration after iteration after iteration. It's not going to be easy game to chase somebody that's making it made $31 billion. You kidding me? So, I had to lock in, learn to code four hours a day. And I'm still on that four hours a day every single day. I've built a great system that people are following the RBI system. You've heard us talk about it multiple times. So go ahead and jump in. You got 29 minutes. Algo trade camp AI master classes copy bar course, the poly market trading course, unlimited private zoom calls. You get quantite which has so much so much code in it and it's updated all the time. You get the Mundv vault which is all of my streams ever. You get the Mundv API key as well. You get the my trading bot GitHub and you get my AI agents GitHub. And you get Quant app access. And you could just scroll through what other people just like you have to say. Scroll through forever. This is at mundave.com/go. Again, these are people just like you that don't know me. They just found me because they're data dogs looking for a better way to trade. They see I'm a data dog, too. I got some trash ideas with some good ones in between. Cuz that's what it is, dude. You just got to take shots. You got to test things. Test test test. If you see things viral on Twitter, okay, let's you can chat about it if you'd like, but I'm going to test it. Cloudbot, everybody's railing about that. Okay, let's go test it. If you have questions, feel free to put them in the chat, DM me, text me, email me. I don't care, dude. I'm looking for real killers here. That's why it's a little bit of an investment, dude. It's not I'm not going to make it I had two options, right? I could make it like super inexpensive and just give you like a fraction of what I know, like 15 days instead of 6 weeks and none of this stuff. Or I could just give you the whole kitchen sink. Of course, it's going to be a little bit bigger of investment, but that's what it is, dude. That's what it is. You're investing in yourself. If you're a trader, there's two options you have. Stop trading because you're losing money right now. And I have the proof. I see it. and we've run the data on Hyperlquid. Since you're not winning as a hand trader and you're losing way more than $1,500, you have two options. Stop trading and you're instantly more profitable or approach the markets differently. It hasn't worked up to this date. So, why are you going to continue wasting your time, your precious time with family and friends to do something that doesn't work? I'll show you step-bystep how to automate your trading, how to find strategies that actually work, how to test to see if they worked in the past, how to build them into trading bots that will trade for you unemotionally in the future. And for the rest of your life, you'll have this hard skill that the other traders won't have because they won't learn this stuff. You can read through what everybody has to say. Like I said, these are people just like yourself. videos were so straightforward and packed with information. Boot camp is lit. Just want to personally thank you for making the boot camp. You could have seriously charged 10x for that. But you gave everybody opportunity. Hey, I'm a developer already. Can this be helpful for me? Yes, it can be helpful. I already knew how to code in Python, but this was super helpful to get up to speed. I can't afford it. It's actually really cheap considering what you get. I went from not knowing Python to learning the fundamental building blocks. Amazing. I will trade him. Such a great genuine teacher. You could read through this stuff for days, dude. There's hundreds of people just like yourself that found me somehow someway. I signed up for the information which is great. But even if you sign up, you're still watch all of his YouTube videos. This man really does an amazing job spreading out important information. He gives everyone enough knowledge for free to learn, which is crazy. But when you pay for it, you get the finer details. And that's the thing is like I'm not I can't teach every day. I'm not a YouTuber. I'm sorry. I'm not going to ever be a YouTuber. I know like if I if I really leaned into YouTube, I could blow it up, bro. Bro, all I have to do is show you some stats, put numbers on things, make short, concise videos, teaching how to do things in under 12 minutes. Like, YouTube's easy, bro. But that's not the game. What can you do off YouTube? Run up uh 100 million. I'm not looking for 100 million, bro. I'm chasing 31 BS and I've already got the cash to trade. Like, it's not it's just not my time of life. Maybe if I was like 20 or something. I show everything for free. You see everything. You see everything and then I put it in the vault. So if you do have the time, go through the entire vault. You'll know you'll know more. You'll know even more than the people that just go through the boot camp. But the boot camp is short, concise videos that is pretty much the alpha from being here four hours a day for 5 years. Been a member. It's great. I'd highly suggest it. That's cool. One of my bots I set up. Watching you is pretty profitable thanks to you. I'm new to this thing. Really tired of Telegram bots and looking for something for myself to build. Do you really recommend this boot camp at all? Says yes. It's been a life-changing experience. Lifechanging. That's why like putting down a little bit of cash to have a life-changing experience like it's it's like it's nothing, dude. You're going to get that $1,500 back in no time. And there's a 90-day money back guarantee. So, you don't even have to make the decision right now. Just jump in while the timer is here. You got 24 minutes here. Hands down, the best decision I made was clicking on your autog video and coming to the boot camp. I love the intro of your videos. I'm going to save you 200 hours. That's the goal. You overd delivered. I haven't even gone through all the weekly codes yet. Crazy, dude. Crazy that I give out this much alpha and I still get dragged for it. It's all good. I'll get dragged because I know that code is a great equalizer. I don't just think that. I know that. You see that [ __ ] going on on TikTok, dude? Come on. Come on, bro. If you learn to code, if you learn to code, dude, they can't treat you any way. If you're if you're fire at coding, you could build anything for the rest of your life. For the rest of your life from anywhere in the world. We got a few years left, bro, before this AI cooks us all. Cooks us all. If somebody in your family doesn't understand how to use AI, it's your it's your duty to do it for them. Every family needs to have some AI guy in it. Somebody that's actually controlling the AI and can build their own swarms because if it's a swarm versus swarm and I'm swarming versus everybody else's swarm just to stay alive to keep citizenship, are you kidding me? I'm sw I'm out swarming all you. I'm out swarming everybody. I'm about to build my >> It's what's called machine learning. So you find things that are predictive. You might guess, oh, such and such should be predictive, might be predictive. And you test it out in the computer, maybe it is, maybe it is. You test it out on long term historical data and uh price and other things. And then you add to the system this if it works. And if you throw, >> you throw it out. So there aren't elaborate equations. >> Nothing elaborate. >> Nothing elaborate, bro. That's Jim Simons. He's the one who ran up a net worth net worth of $31 billion. And he said there is nothing elaborate. It's just time in, ideas in. And be a data dog out. Follow the data. [ __ ] your ideas. My ideas are trash. But there's some [ __ ] fire in that trash. Some [ __ ] fire. And I've proved it over and over and over again. If you want robots that are trading for you 24/7, it's just ideas and what works. Okay, let's test it. Then scale the winners. That's it. RBI, baby. RBI. I've built a system that I follow to this day and I explain everything inside of the boot camp. If you join in the next 21 minutes, you are going to learn absolutely everything that all of these people learned that made them write hundreds of reviews. That's crazy, dude. It's it's really awesome to see that this is helpful and it makes sense. You know, I locked in four four hours a day for five years and then I was able to pick the best things out of those ideas and structure a class, a boot camp, and I hold your hand through 15 days of the boot camp, showing you exactly how to automate your trading, even if you've never coded. And I can teach that because I didn't know how to code till I was 30. I was scared, bro. I was scared. It's scary, dude. What? Anyways, I will trade camp's going to show you all that $3,000 value easy cuz it's six weeks. It's more than 15 days. Everybody that says something below, they got the 15-day version. You're going to step on the gas here today. You got 20 minutes to get in. If you have questions, let me know. AI master classes. I just updated that again last week. Anytime I find something new, I update. I update. I update. I update. Because at the end of the day, if I can get my squad, my squad up to speed with me, I win more, dude. Come on. I grew up an athlete, bro. I got paid for this [ __ ] You think I'm not a team player? I am a team player, but I [ __ ] hate the other side. I want to kill them. Between the lines, dude. I'm a nice guy. I'm a nice guy, but you only catch me between the lines. So maybe if we met out here in Puerto Rico someday, we could be friends. But until then, I'm I'm literally trying to liquidate the entire public chat. If you're not in the Zoom, dude, you're not on my team. You're not on my team. I'm sorry. My team is lifetime members. people that are so locked that they will take the tiny risk putting 1,500 down, maybe two payments of 797. I don't care. That tells me how locked you are, bro. Those are the people I want to talk to. That's why I got a members area where you could chat me and tag me all day. It's my squad. I'm chasing Jim Simons with my squad because I don't need 31 billion. I would rather take one B and let everybody else have the other 30. Are we going to get there? I I know. So, but is there anything plugandplay here? No. Absolutely not. Nothing is plugandplay. I'm not a financial advisor. This is a really hard game. And you can tell like I'm autistically optimistic. But that's how I've always eaten. That's how I've always eaten. Believe in yourself, dude. because you can do anything any other man can do or woman. It's just I hate seeing that stuff like on Twitter you can't do this, you can't do that, you're not you're not a mathematician, you're not a PhD, yada yada. Okay, let's see. Let's see, dude. Cuz I've already proved it to myself. And all of these people have proved it to me that I can transfer this knowledge. I can transfer these skills. So, if I got 100 plus people confirming that I'm able to teach this correctly, and I I understand these streams, I'm all over the place. I understand there's a lot of yap. I get it. Lock in for five years for four hours a day. There's going to be yap. You're here in my most malleable times. My brain is fresh, dude. I give you my most important time of every single day. And I've done that for the last 5 years. And everything that I have learned I just transfer to the people in the lifetime package. You can come to the zooms. That's awesome. But you might be lost sometimes because I'm stepping on the gas like six different projects. Clog cloud code over here. Cloud code over here. Cloudbot over here. Cracker over there. Let's get it. I'll get you caught up to speed fast, bro. And you know, money always replenishes. People are so weird and they try to hoard their money, but dude, you're going to end up nickeling and diamond your money to Door Dash or Uber Eats or some trash like that, dude. So, why not allocate some of that capital that is literally here in order to unlock things you don't know? That's why you buy books, right? They know something you don't know. I know a lot that you don't know. and I could keep get you up to speed fast and then you will go way further than I could ever go because you got everything I know plus everything you know. So you're ahead of me by the end of by the end of this. Some of the systems I see people that went through my training and built they blow my mind. Like how the hell how did you just leapfrog me, dude? How did you leap? Well, Moon, because you have to yap through everything every day. You gave me everything you knew. You gave me all your code. You gave me all your data sources. You gave me everything, Moon. Of course, I'm going to leaprog you. And I'm okay with that. I believe code's a great equalizer. I [ __ ] hate people that think they're better than you just because they're white or whatever or because they live in America. Are you kidding me? Somebody the other day see they see my Twitter profile says that I live in the Philippines and they say, "Oh, not listening into you because you live in the Philippines." [ __ ] you, dude. Doesn't matter where you live. If you know how to code, you have a hard skill that nobody can ever take away from you. That's why I believe code is a great equalizer because you can't tell me [ __ ] ever again. Nobody can tell me [ __ ] I know how to code. I could I could I could go to negative bajillion. I'm still not listening to anybody. I know how to code. I can build. I could build from the ground up every day. Whatever. What any idea I have, anything, it doesn't matter. And that's that's the real skill I want to transfer to you. It's just that I churned so many times trying to learn how to code. I churned so many times until I had a problem that I had to fix. And you have that same exact problem. Emotional trading. If you're trading right now with any type of leverage, you're already emotional trying to get rich overnight. There's a better way. Why not just trade with bots that can maybe trade more with less leverage? It's effectively the same, right? And you're not spending your time. So, I'm obviously I've convinced myself on the industry and I know I have a big prize ahead of me. So, I will spend about four four to six hours a day every single day locking in and I'll show you guys in the private Zoom. Some days I might not show up, but you could trust. I'm locked, bro. I'm locked. I'm at this computer. I've been at this computer for what, 22 years? I don't know. But everything I know comes from me buying somebody's knowledge. My first big hit, the app store. Spent two grand. I didn't have I cleaned up on after the app. I mean, my app my app career was pretty long, five plus years. But then the whole like e-commerce stuff in like 2017, Shopify 2016, that was dirty, dude. That [ __ ] was dirty. But how did I get how did I get off on that? bought somebody's knowledge because I'm not going to sit here and just waste five years with I would have bought every single course you see. I bought 15 courses to learn how to code and nobody teaches how to automate your trading. It's just the biggest life hack in the world. That's why books are so amazing, right? It's people's best knowledge compacted and that's why I'm so confident in just buying people's knowledge. If they know something you don't know, you're doing yourself a disservice if you're not going to buy it. So, you do have Why is this timer slow? This timer seems like it's slow. But anyways, you don't have this much time. You do get the algo trade camp. I'm going to show you step by step how to automate your trading. Even if you don't know how to code, I don't care. I didn't know how to code either. I'll show you how to code real quick and then I'll show you how to use AI in order to build any trading system you have for the rest of your life. Not one time, not a plug-and-play bot. No, I'm gonna show you how to find ideas, back test those ideas, and then implement them into bots. I'm also going to help you build for more than just Hyperlquid and other exchanges. Solana, Poly Market. You can't get these anywhere else. You get unlimited private zooms. You get Quantite for life. And you get all these bonuses. The Mundev vault. You get the Mundev API key. The vault has every single stream, every single video that is not on YouTube. None of them are on YouTube anymore. The Moonv API key gives you hyperlquids data layer. Everything you've seen from me for the last month. >> He had a great quote that said based off this and not in the middle and that's something I always live by. Not going to rest. I'm going to keep on pushing. Now there a lot of answers that I don't have, even questions that I don't have, but I'm just going to keep going. Keep going. >> Keep going. And I'll figure these things out as it goes, right? And you just continue to build that way. So that I try to live by that all the time. >> At the end, >> rest at the end. >> All right. So this timer is not correct. You got like 15 minutes. You get the two GitHubs here and then you also get quant app. So it's like the ultimate offer. You can see the value. Uh you can see the reviews. You can see.com/go. You have 11 minutes. I will sit here for 11 minutes and answer any questions you do have. Uh there's the link and here is the link for the public. I'm not sure if it's live live. I'm live live. I'm live live. What's up, bro? I just don't look at the public chat. How are you? I'm looking at the public chat now. Um have you done it for forex? I don't trade forex, but I do show in this GitHub how to use interactive brokers, which does have access to forex trading. MT5, we've had plenty of people go through this exact training and then build for MT5 as well. I do not show step-by-step MT5. Yo, make it 500. We're all poor. I'm sorry, dude. I'm here. Arthur or ants.HL. Claim the fees. Nah, [ __ ] you guys. Claim the fees. You guys are scum. You are a literal scum. People launching tokens under under my name and stuff. Claim the fees. I don't want your pennies, bro. I don't want that, bro. I don't want that. I don't want that. I have nothing. I have no token. I'm not affiliated with any tokens. The people that launch tokens under my name are scammers. And that's that's fine. That's they're trying to eat. You do you. You do you. But don't don't ask me to help you blow up some scam token, dude. I'm never going to launch a token. I'm sorry. I got more integrity than that. I'm sorry. Sketch, bro. Sketch. Sketch. Sketch. Sketch. What time frame to make the full payment? It's two payments. So if you if you don't want to do the one payment, you can do the two payments and um one payment now, one payment in a month. So you can go to mundave.com/go, but you only have 10 minutes. I know that's a little pressure, but to re alleviate that pressure, there is a 90-day money back guarantee. I don't control this now. So in 10 minutes, this is closed. There's a 90-day money back guarantee. So you can jump in today if you have any questions about it. Just secure your spot. And if it's just not for you, it's not for you. You get your money back, no questions asked. You could go here to the website mundave.com/go. And if you want to, I think somebody was asking about the payments. You could use CLA here. 72 bucks a month for two years. Only do that if you're actually going to step on the gas with automated training and you're actually going to learn everything. Otherwise, please do not join. I only want killers in here. I only want killers. What's up, my expensive beach guy? My beach day guy. See, I didn't even end up going to the beach that day. I didn't even go cuz that [ __ ] turned in my way. Stay real. Never never sell out. I appreciate you, bro. Much love. Thanks for coming through. So, I'll kick it here for the next eight minutes. Let's see if there's anything else I can wrap up here. You got gold getting liquidated. Somebody on gold. Um yes it will automatically do that. Okay let's see what's going on here. So okay the problem the dropdown was position absolute inside a chain containers. Okay so the fix changes the drop down. So I was looking at my quant app here. You do get access to this as well with the lifetime option. Let's go ahead and say refresh maybe. I don't know. Nah, you cooked it, bro. Yeah, but whatever you did just cooked it. It put the drop down somewhere random. Should be right where the thing is. Cooked it. Um, I think I can run this one here for now. Okay. So, here we go. So, 10 tags. Tags with viewers. 100 videos. Oh, give it 24 hours. I see. 100 videos. More videos per tag. Let's do 100 videos. Let's let it run. It should be silent, too. Close that one. Paste that one in. And this is all in the GitHub now. So, you do get access to all this wood training bots. Let's add this stuff as well. I think there was some new ads. Get ad. Get commit slashm new because I don't know what I'm uploading. Per to spot. Okay. So, this has some new hyperlquid stuff in here. Cool. Get push. Yeah, dude. So, mundab.comgo. You got seven minutes here. If you have any questions, let me know. If you're running low on time, just jump in now. You do get the algo trade camp that will transform your life from a hand trader to an automated trader. And then you also have a 90-day money back guarantee. So no questions asked. That's pretty phenomenal, I tell you. It's because I was eating a hot dog that one time. I was like looking into buying a PS5 and my girl was like, "You guys, what's your return policy?" The lady looked at me while I was eating the hot dog. It was actually kind of awkward. I was eating the hot dog. You could imagine, you know, I got the big hot dog. My mouth is open. I'm I'm I'm about to eat it. And then she looks at me. My mouth is open. I'm And she looks at me. So I look at her and I'm about to take a big old bite. And she says, "Cosco, we take back a halfeaten hot dog." And I was like, "Boom. Sold. Sold. Dude, you take back anything pretty much. Okay. So I need to update my return policy. 30 days is not enough. I need 90 days. 90day, no questions asked. Costco hot dog guarantee. Look at me in my eyes when I eat the hot dog. I'll give you access to every Zoom from here on out. Anything I drop, anything I figure out, any ideas I have, I drop it for the members. My team. My team. I'm trying to win the championship with my team. So, if you want lifetime access, you got five minutes. Five minutes. If you have questions, I will check both chats. No one is asking you to launch a token. It's not a scam. How's it not a scam, bro? Someone in the crypto world made you a community support token. You basically get fees for doing nothing just cuz you made the CloudBot. Okay. I mean, to me that sounds like a scam. What do you guys think? Scam? Sounds like a scam to me. Hello, someone in the crypto world. First off, that said sounds like a scam. He says scam bag. Art says somebody made free money for me and all I have to do is claim it and I don't have any of the uh the risk to that token. Okay, just do research. Okay, dude. Just do a research. Okay. Nah, dude. I'm not trying to go down for some [ __ ] like that. I try to keep it super white side, the white hot side, you know? I don't I mean, if I do anything bad, bro, it's it's jail for life. Come on. I live in America. You see what they do to us brown people out here? It's jail for life. I got to keep it on the white hat side. Me and Cracker, we're going to we're going to lock in. Me and Cracker, we're going to keep it so so white hated. We got to We got we got to keep it on the White House side, baby. You got three minutes if you want to get on that side with me. Try to keep everything good vibes. Even the things I work on, for example, a lot of people want to do me. They want to do sandwich attacks. I can't do that. I don't want to do that. That's bad vibe. It's bad vibe. All about the 777 action. Stay in a good vibe. You don't take responsibility for anything. Yeah, you do though. If you're claiming tokens, if you're claiming the fees for a token, you are inherently you're like the owner pretty much. If I get paid from some token that rugs people, are you kidding me? No way. I'm good. I'm good. Not worth it, dude. I got a big opportunity ahead of me. I got 31 billion in my my eyes. I'm not claiming $100 of fees anywhere. I'm not rinsing you guys with a pump fund token. No, dude. Everybody was like, "Start a pump fun streaming token. No way. All that happens there is I make 50 racks and you guys get rinsed." No way. No way. Nah, I'm sorry. I've heard this banker, this banker, this bags. I think bags are [ __ ] scammers, dude. That's so dirty. That's so dirty. Going to all the developers and making tokens around their name. That's dirty, dude. That's dirty. They got to get cooked. They got to get cooked. And you know, I'm not going to do anything about it. I don't give a [ __ ] I'm just Don't ask me to help you with your >> Anything we could think is real. >> And if it's not, we could create it. See, that's the gift we were given to evolve, advance, create. I create my own world. >> He says, "Bro, it's more than a hundred." Okay, now you're talking. What is it? 12. Let me grab that 120. Bro, by the way, this closes in 1 minute and 42 seconds and you'll see it close. So, this is literally the last chance. If you do want access, go to mundave.com/go. Oh. Oh my god. Claude games, bro. You are really convincing me on it. He says, "Don't worry, bro. It's it's supported by the base ecosystem." Okay. You think I [ __ ] with bass? Come on, bro. It's at like 2K right now. I don't want it. That's dirty money, bro. I don't want dirty money. I don't want dirty money, dude. I don't want dirty money. I'm sorry. You could keep it. You could have it. How about that? You remember You remember when Mundev he shorted BTC at 96,500? That short would be worth 800,000 right now. Hey, Bojo. Big love to you, dude, because everybody else that day was tearing me apart. Tearing me apart. But Mojo came in here. I haven't seen him in a minute. He said, "Remember the stream when he shorted 40 BTC at $96,500? That would be worth $800,000 right now." But everybody was like, "Do this is the guy you're following. You're listening to him. He's in a short right now at 965. This shit's going to 100 racks. And what happened? Stop it, bro. I don't play. I'm not playing. I'm not playing. Not playing. I'm locked. Locked, dude. I'm locked. Let's get it. 777 to everybody. This is the end. 4 seconds left. If you didn't get in, I'm sorry. Much love to you. I hope you have a wonderful day. I'm sorry you missed it. Have a beautiful day. Thank you everybody that came through here the Zoom today. Much love to you.