Oh, look who's back in the open-source world. I said I would never come back, but I have a similar vision to Hyperlquid. They're opening up the financial system to us normies, the entire world. I personally believe they've built the best exchange both of us have ever seen. That's the first app. That's the killer app. But what's wrong on the exchange? Nothing's wrong with it, but people get smoked. They use 40x leverage. So that led me as a quantitative trader that is showing over 100,000 people on YouTube and over 50,000 people on Twitter to get a ton of data. A lot of that data was damn dude only.1% of the people watching me actually join the boot camp and learn how to automate their trading. So the data is the data and I'm a data dog. That led me to see, oh, okay, well, everybody is still trained by hand. And then I pull up a revolutionary thing that wasn't able to be seen before us. We can see everybody's positions now. So, just like Wall Street used to be be able to see our positions and hunt our stop losses, I can see everybody's positions because Hyperlid is open sourcing the financial system. So, it made it possible for me to build an app where I can literally see, okay, this guy gets licked at 1.2%, 1.2%, 1.3%, 1.6%. I can dive deeper. I can see exactly all his trades. I can see everything about everybody's positions. That right there is gamechanging. And I was like, okay, I, you know, the reason I started with automated trading was because I was getting liquidated too much. I was trading with too much emotion. I was trading too much. So, I had to go learn how to automate my trading. I showed the entire process throughout the 5 years here. I was actually here before Hyperlquid. I probably put a lot of you guys onto Hyperlid through the API building through their their alpha days. So, I've been here for a while with Hyperlid building building boss for showing every single step of the way showing the good, the bad, the ugly, learning in public. But the data is the data. I'm a data dog. So, the data tells me, okay, 0.1% are actually taking you up on your offer of, hey, I'll teach you how to code. I didn't know how to code either. I was scared of it. I'll teach you how to code and I'll teach you how to automate your trading. I had a boot camp that would teach that. Back in the day, at the end of 2025, I I this data kind of like it was a aha moment. Like, I'm looking at this data, building this this out. Everybody's training by hand. I was looking at this on a terminal and I was like, damn. Literally, I keep checking in every single day. 40x leverage. 40x leverage. 40x leverage. And people keep dogging me for being in quant and sharing all this stuff. All the other quants are like, "Shut up, dude. Stop sharing this. Stop sharing this." But I have the data. Only.1% of people are actually joining the boot camp and learning how to automate their trading. And then, you know, half of them don't even do it. So, if there's 100 150,000 people following me now and I'm trying to help as many traders as possible, the best way for me to help them in my mind is to teach them how to code because they have a hard skill and then teach them how to automate their trading because that removes all emotions and they have to look at their strategies in their face before they run them. That changed my life. That shift right there changed my life. So, I spent the last five years just talking about it like, "Come on, look, look at this. Look at this. I'm back testing. I'm building bots. Come on, you could do this, too, dude. Come on. Come on. Come on. But if only 1.1% of people actually do that. I'm actually not helping as many people as I I could be. I get it. I get why it's so easy to rake up the leverage here. 40x leverage, 25x leverage, max leverage everywhere, whatever exchange you're using. That's what how we all trade. We're all trying to get to the bag. But the thing with trading, you can't get to the bag the same way. You can't just work harder and get better. No. The more you the more you work, the more you're at the screen, the more you trade. The more you trade, the less you have. Wall Street will never share this information with you and Wall Street would never give us position data information. So in order to build this, I had to work with their APIs. But I quickly quickly saw that damn, I can't work with the Hyperlquid APIs. They're too limited for this. I need all the data updated every second. Every second. I want to see when this guy gets liquidated. I've been watching this guy. He says had 90mm is his name. I've been watching him since he had 90M. He has 2.6 M now. And this is from losing it. I'm watching all the liquidations coming through on Hyperlquid all day. So, while I'm building an app to make me a better 40x hand trader because that's what everybody else is doing, I don't want to do this. I don't want to be a hand trader. No. But if I'm going to do it, I'm going to do it quantitatively because I sp spent the last five years building out my system. So in the background, of course, I'm still going to have my system journey. I'm not I'm not stepping away from that by any means. That is the way. But I was kind of bheaded in thinking, yeah, everybody's just going to go learn how to code, mud. Everybody has the time to spend four hours a day for 6 months to learn how to code and then learn how to automate their trading. So, it makes more sense for me to build something that's downloadable, an app that can help people trade better. But again, that led me to, damn, I need this data faster. So, I launched the node and I realized that there is nobody out there building the hyperlquid data layer until now and I'm back in open source hyperlquid data layer. There's GitHub here. It's public. You can read about it. Read everything about it. Dude, the game is rigged. The rigged game ends here. Wall Street has been playing a rigged game for decades. They see your positions. They see your liquidations. They hunt your stops. They know exactly where to push the price to wipe you out. But you, you've been blind. When hedge funds open massive positions, you don't see it. When institutions are about to get liquidated, you don't see it. When smart money is accumulating, you don't see it. They see everything. You see nothing. That's how Wall Street has worked for your entire life. The house always wins because the house can see everybody's cards until now. I can see everybody's cards. Don't you think I'm going to be a better trader? Of course. Enter Hyperlquid. Hyperlid is building something different. An open financial system, a decentralized exchange that's already doing more volume than most centralized exchanges. a blockchain where everything is transparent. They're calling themselves the housecoin of all finance. Why? Because they're not just building another exchange. They're rebuilding the entire financial system on a foundation of transparency. On Hyperlquid, everyone can see what used to be hidden. The liquidations, they're visible. The whale positions, they're visible. The smart money flows, they're visible. For the first time in history, regular traders can see what Wall Street has always seen. Wall Street has always seen this, dude. So why this data layer exists? Again, this is an open source GitHub. Here's the problem. Hyperlid opened up all this data, but nobody built an easy way to access it. Until now, there were zero open node providers creating a data layer with Hyperlid for Hyperlquid. The data was there but developers couldn't easily tap into it. I'm Mundv and I built this data layer because I believe in the vision. My vision for Hyperlid billions of users on an open financial system. Thousands of successful apps serving those users. Millions of apps being built by developers worldwide. Thousands of successful ones. So, what does that mean? >> Don't get involved if you ain't going to die for it. Take this. I bought some hollow tips for your homeboy. >> What does that mean? If there's thousands of successful ones and millions being built, okay, I grew up in the app store. I built hundreds or thousands of apps. Did they all hit? No way. So, I encourage you if you're a developer, don't hold your ideas too tight. Test fast. You have a data layer now. You can test fast. Build apps. See what sticks. That's intentional by saying millions of apps being built and thousands of apps being successful serving the billions of users. Our ideas, they sometimes hit, but usually they don't hit. And if you're a trader, you understand that. You understand that you're not always right. It's a humbling experience. There's going to be millions of apps built on this data layer. Thousands of them will be very successful serving billions of users. But here's the thing. Before we get a billion people on Hyperlquid, we need to get thousands of great apps. But before we get those thousands of apps, developers need data. Easy data, fast data, real data. That's why I built the first open data layer for Hyperlid. I'm already building the first major consumer app on this layer, which is the quant app. technically would be the second the second major app because the first app is hyperlquid. The exchange quant app helps regular traders compete with institutions. It helps you take over liquidation, set intelligent limit orders, manage risk in ways humans simply cannot do. But one app isn't enough. Can't do this all by myself. We need thousands of apps. And for that we need thousands of developers with access to a real data in an easy format. And that's you. That's you. Two years ago, we weren't able to build on an open financial system. Do you get this? It's like Wall Street started over again, but everything's open to us at home. What you get, this data layer provides access to everything Wall Street has kept hidden. You get liquidations. You see real liquidation data. This was so hard to parse through their blockchain to figure out. I've got it because I need it. But again, I'm building this in open source. You can see everybody's everybody's liquidations. Whale positions, smart money rankings, trading signals, other wallets, positions. I can see everybody's wallets. If I have your wall idea, you're cooked. You're cooked, dude. I see I see your exact positions. I see your trade history. I get to watch HLP strategies. Why am I watching HLP strategies? Because HLP is the market maker behind Hyperlid. And they started with $1,000 and now we're sitting on $18 million. I'm watching every single position. You can see how to get your API key, all that good stuff. I already threw the API key in the Zoom chat. Every day I have a Zoom stream. Um, you can read the whole vision here. Hyperlid is building the house coin of all finance. I'm building the data layer that will help developers create thousands of apps needed to onboard billions of users. This isn't just about trading. This is about rebuilding finance. Transparent, open, fair. Wall Street had their turn. Now it's yours. It's ours. It's ours. It's ours.