Okay, so all the stats are in. You can see 54,597% return with a max draw down of 0.94. Holy moly. Seven sharp here. This is GBT 5.5 and I ran it for trading and I also compared it against Opus 4.7. Finally, finally got my hands on GBT 5.5. I tried to do this yesterday, but I couldn't. So, the first thing I want to do is apply it to trading because I'm an algorithmic trader. I'm chasing Jim Simons and I'm showing everything along the way. You can see GBT 5.5 here in the bottom left. Okay, I want to put it on Let's put it on high. Let's put it on high. So, I want to go ahead and test this to see if it can print me money in trading specifically. Okay, that's the first thing I'm going to do. I'm actually going to do the exact same test here with Opus 4.7. So, you can see I have four different uh terminals set up here. And this is if you download the app. I I sent you the link already for the people that are in the Zoom call. Each day that people are in the Zoom, they get the app already. It should look like this. Okay. So, you got GBT 5.5 up here and you got Opus 4.7 up here. I'm actually going to close this and close this one. And you can see I have all my terminals and projects here. You can add a new project by saying uh enter path to that project or select the folder, whatever you want. But I've got my trading bot GitHub right here. I'm just going to go ahead and put it right here. And let's open it up. I got another one here. here. So, let's just go ahead and open this into a new tab. Boom. Boom. Kaboom. Kabow. Let's go ahead and get both of them going. I can close these however I want. If I want a 3x3, if I want a 2x two. Damn, I just kick I just cooked the codeex. But you can open them, close them however you'd like here. Uh, let's go ahead and open up the Mund trading bots here. Okay. So, now I have Claude Opus 4.7 here, but I want to test this against GBT 5.5 today to see if it can print me money in trading. I think that's the the hardest thing for it to do. And to be honest, dude, these models are so good that it that it's able to help me out with my actual building of anything right now that at the end of the day, the first question I'm always going to have when there's a new model. Can you just print money? Yes or no? I know that's unrealistic, but hey, this is an unrealistic time. It's an unrealistic time, dude. Open new tab. Okay, so now we've got Mundev B uh trading bots here on both of them. They're both on Opus. So, I want to change one of them to codeex. So, I'm just going to type in codeex. What was it? Run fully auto. Full auto. I think it's called codeex- full auto. I'm on GPT 5.5. I've got the three across split screen here. You can put your agents and your scripts down here. There is a tutorial if you want to watch it. You can just click here and watch that tutorial of how to use this whole app. But um that's the onboarding for the app for today. Let's go ahead and get another setup here. Let's get the copy trader here. Okay. So now we have in the bottom left we have CEX 5.5. In the top right we have Opus 4.7. I think we just go headtohead, dude. Let's just go let's close some of these tabs here and let's just go headtohead. Let's focus all the way in and have the same exact prompt for each of them. How about that? How about that? Same exact prompt for 4.7 verse GPT 5.5. So, we can get a true understanding of I guess which one's better. Right? So, I've got 4.7 on the right side, Codeex 5.5 high on the left side. And now I'm going to build out a prompt that I'll give to both of them. Okay? Go ahead and look at my back test folder and the liquidations folder. And what I want you to do is I want you to launch five agents in order to go through those liquidations back tests and see which one the best one is. And then I want you to use a unique idea for each of the agents in order to expand on those back tests. Build five new back tests and make a folder named today's date. No, not today's date. The a new folder called your model. whatever your model is that you're running inside of that liquidations folder of the back test. I already know the liquidation back test do well. So, I want to see if you can take it to the next level. So, analyze what's in there now and then go ahead and build five new versions with five new agents. And then what I want you to output to me is the full stats, the back testing stats of your five agents. I want to see the ROI. I want to see the draw down. I want to see the sharp. I want to see the sortino. I want to see the EV. Essentially, you can just print out all of the default back testing py stats. The data is already connected there. Look at the data that's already connected with the liquidation data. Boom. You have everything. Launch those five agents. Make something better. That is your goal. I want to see if one of these agents can do better. So, compare your top five to the five before and print it out in a nice terminal print out. It must be very clean. You are the data dog and I'm the data scientist. I'm just looking at the data you present. So, you're coming up with your five absolute best off best ideas built off of our liquidation data that we already have. So, go to the back testing folder, liquidation folder, and launch these five agents. Thank you. You don't need to repeat yourself with AI, dude. Just FYI. God, Moon, lock in, bro. Okay. I want to get that same prompt here. And I'm going to send it to Opus. And we're going to go I'm going to give Codex a head start. Give them a head start. Boom. Kaboom. Kabow. All right. Let's see. Let's see who eats, dude. Okay. So, we got 5.5 high, by the way. So, this is GBT 5.5 high verse Claude Opus 4.7. Liquidation work is concentrated under back test liquidations. Okay, you're on the right path. Good job. Let's see if uh Opus gets on the right path. You can see here I can open the the sidebar by hitting commandB on Mac or you can just open it up like this. I don't know how it works on a Windows. Like I said, the tutorial is down here if you want to watch the tutorial. Um, I'm always updating this app and you already have access to the app if you're in the Zoom. Every day I have a Zoom call and they get all of my goodies as a bonus. I'm going to go ahead and drop the API key as well. I added this browser in here because I don't like context switching. So, the whole point of this app was to get away from context switching because I got to if I were to leave to go to a browser right now, I'd forget what my agents are doing. But now I can just have a floating browser and I can show you this mundave.com/doccks has all of the specifications for the API that everybody in the chat right now should have. You have the Mundv AI as well, which is awesome because most AI is blackbox. This is blackbox as well, but I put all of my five plus years of algo trading knowledge in there. So, it's pretty helpful. But what's really important about this API is you have access to the hyperlquid data layer and you have the liquidation data. The liquidation data here you can get bulk liquidation data which is so sick because that's where some of my best back tests and systems come from. So check out those docs on your own time. Um they're pretty slick. So let's go ahead here and say copy. I want to go ahead and get this into the chat again. So the API key and everything is in the chat now in the Zoom chat. We got a headto head here. Let's get it, dude. Okay, so I have a clear picture now. Opus says, let's go ahead and close this out. By the way, if you hit command O, command O, it opens up another browser. So you could have multiple browsers on floating on top of your terminals. And the problem I'm solving with this app is contact switching. For me, it used to be, okay, I have five, six different quads or or codeexes going, working on different things, and then I would lose them or I would jump over to the browser, get excited about something, and I would forget that I'm working on this. So, I wanted to put everything in here. So, I can go ahead and close these now. And when I need the browser again, it's in the bottom right. I can hit commandB on Mac in order to close it. You can see Zcore cascade detector, regime adapter, multiasset divergence, pyramid scaling, cascade. You can see over here codeex with GBD 5.5 high is working. Baseline returns are now clean under Python 3.1. The current bar to beat on the same data is Calman tight exits 143,000. That's crazy, dude. 143,000% return 7.13 max draw down. So we got AI vers AI. Let's see who finishes first number one. And then more importantly, who has better results, right? So, this is what I like to do with the new models because like I said earlier, dude, these models are are great. They're they're good enough for me to build anything that's in my mind's eye. I close my eyes, meditate, think about what I want, what type of systems I want to build. Boom. Then I build them. I can do this with 4.2. I can do this with three 3.9. You know, so we're at a point where it's like I already can do everything. So, my first test every time there's a new model is going to be this. I'm going to take the best two models and compare them and see if they can print me money. Yes or no? Can they take what I've done already and take them to the next level? Yes or no? If yes, that's absolutely fire. If no, then okay, well, I'm a still cook. You know, I'm chasing Jim Simons. He's the $31 billion man. If you don't know who Jim Simons is, he's a great algorithmic trader. He passed away unfortunately. um he ran up a net worth of $ 31 billion building blackbox systems. He didn't share any of the information of the systems. That being said, you can't really share the this the the exact edge. And I don't I don't really do that either. I mean, I I show you everything I'm building, but I don't go back and be like, "Hey, this from January 22nd, this stream, etc. is exactly what I'm running right now." But I can show you all the infrastructure along the way. Jim didn't have YouTube to teach. Jim went and taught at MIT. He went and charged people or he he you had to pay $50,000 a year to learn from him. He taught at MIT in Stonybrook. So, he was able to run up a net worth of $31 billion and teach along the way. So, I'm just following him. I believe code's a great equalizer for me. I was scared of coding my entire life. But once I got to trading, I realized, hey, this this isn't working out by hand. It's too emotional. The bots, they don't feel they don't feel emotions. They don't want excitement. They don't want excitement in these charts. They don't want to see these charts go up and down. No, they don't care. They'll sit there for six days if they need to. You can see I'll open up the charts here. And this is essentially what most people are doing. Buying, selling, buying, selling, hoping the price goes up. open it goes down. You know how it goes. You know how it goes, dude. So, I had to learn how to code and I'm just grateful I did because now I'm able to use this AI unlike anybody else. The entire world, we're stepping on the gas every single day. And you have if you have questions, I'm here in the Zoom to answer them for you. We got We got four agents over here. One looks like she's done. We got five agents over here. Now she's compiling. So you can see on Claude's side, she has five local agents that are in the background. You can see over here, it's been working for 6 minutes and 14 seconds. And let's see what she cooks. Let's see what she cooks. CommandB to open this up. If I want to go ahead and add a new project here, you can go ahead and hit new project and just select that GitHub folder or just put in the path. You can see I have a bunch of different projects here. For example, the Quant app, Poly Market Trading Bots. I can open up into a new tab. Salana Copy Trader. I can make it a 2x two. You can go even bigger. It just depends on how how much screen real estate you have. So, I got my stat orb up here. and then I can close them out however you want. Um, I think this is pretty slick if you're actually trying to compete with AI. This is a problem you're going to run into once you start to actually use Claude or GBT, codeex, whatever. You're going to run into this problem. So, I just solved it for myself. And I believe code is a great equalizer. So, I share everything that I solve. Every day I do this Zoom call. So, a lot of people are here in the Zoom. If I hit commando O again, I can just open up the browser here and you can see what I'm talking about. This zoom is every single day pretty much. mundave.com should be a link somewhere around here. Bots don't feel that's why they win. So, you get to look over my shoulder while I'm building whatever I'm building in the day. And if you have questions, I'll answer them for you. Uh, it's just five bucks. If you do want to join the next one, you get the replay of the past stream and you also get the replay of the next one, the one that you're going to attend. And then on top of that, you get the API, the Mundev AI, and the Mundev app. You can read about those at the mundave.com/doccks. In the meantime, here we go. So, she's we're still waiting on all five agents. So, they're absolutely cooking. Let's see what she said. implemented and ran the agent 2 variant. Python 3 point blah blah blah. Agent 2 finished with a real improvement over its ratio. ROI went from 5,000 to 54,000. Well, keeping up draw down of under 1%. Okay. Okay. So, all the stats are in. You can see 54,597% return with a max draw down of 0.94. Holy moly. Seven sharp here. This is GBT 5.5 and I ran it for trading and I also compared it against Opus 4.7. So you can see it took a little bit of time to get them done. You can see this one has un unexpected result 120 million. Like that's not real, right? Sharp is four. Sortino 315,000. Okay. This one has 54,597% return. I gave it essentially my better ideas based off of liquidation data and it went ahead and gave me some overfit stuff. You can see negative 100% on that one. Negative 100% on this one. Uh I feel like 17,000% a little high as well with the sharp at 2.49. So it looks like it kind of just overfit to the data. But let's see what open 4.7 had. She said she didn't beat anything. Let's see. Agent one is the clear unoptimized winner. Clear unoptimized winner at 120 million%. Okay, thank you. GBT 5.5. Fire, fire, fire. Um, I explicitly excluded these three before comparison. I'll show you everything here. Um, essentially you've seen it all actually. So, you saw the whole setup, but the sharp 10.6, sharp 2.47. Are any of these realistic is the question before? These are before comparisons. So you can see here 5,000 before 15 thou 17,000. Yeah. So I think a lot of this is overfit. So what I would do from here is I want you to go ahead and take those top three agent 1 2 and three and run some robustness tests on them because they're a little too good to be true. Thank you. So I'll go ahead and do that now with GBT 5.5. But at the end of the day it is what it is. That's what they outputed. So, you know, it it just is what it is. Um, I think that they're overfit, obviously. You can see here this this Opus 4.7 blew up. This Opus 4.7 had a return of 57%. This Opus 4.7 had a it blew up as well. This Opus 4.7 downgative 28%. This Opus 7 4.7 down 100%. This Opus 4.7 had 43,318% return. So that one's pretty good. Sharp ratio of two. Just a little tricky when you look at the other ones and it's like, okay, this is like kind of overfit, bro. 299% here. Buy and hold is 65. Okay. So, this returned negative3%. So, what I would do here is return 41%. Um, the only one that I'm interested in is this one up here, 43,000. These are existing ideas. Jesus, dude. So, Opus 4.7 didn't find anything better. Didn't find anything better. While GPT 5.5 actually did find something better. So, I'll continue on with the robust robustness testing, but everybody complains about my videos being too long.