So now we can see everybody's positions on any uh symbol here. Pretty much any symbol that's on Hyperlquid. You can see Hype. I can see everybody's positions here. This guy has a $5.8 million position. Gets liquidated at $64. I can switch on over to Trading View. It should come with me here. You can see I can switch over to like pump and it switches to pump. I can see everybody's pump positions. Okay, this guy gets liquidated here. $1.4 million. $1.1 million at 0.0027. Okay, let's look at something like uh Fartcoin and you can see, okay, this guy gets liquidated for $2.5 million at 0.153. Uh this is super handy and it's actually I think it's revolutionary because I don't think in the past retail has been able to see anybody's positions, but now we can see everybody's positions. So this is only possible because of >> damn near anything we could think is real. And if it's not, we could create it. See, that's the gift we were given to evolve, advance, create. I create my own world. >> This guy on BTC will get liquidated for 12 million here at 77569. And what I like about this is that we can go ahead here and say I could go to like Binance. I can go to any of these random exchanges and it should follow me and should change. So you can see here BTC. Okay. How do you even search on Binance? Well, up here I could say ETH or something. And you can see now I see all the ETH positions. This guy gets liquidated for $15.3 million. This guy gets liquidated at $1.7 million. So I mean I've done a lot of back testing with liquidations. I use Cloud Code to back test these ideas all the time. And um if you don't have cloud code set up, I would highly recommend doing that. I also built this with cloud code. I think it's a pretty interesting tool for traders and being able to see where everybody's getting liquidated at is um definitely revolutionary. Let's go ahead and see if we can pick some random token like near here. Okay. Boom. And then it changes to near. So I can see there's 620,000 here liquidations. And you can dive in and see like okay, when were their recent orders? So, I don't know. I don't know how you'll use this. I'm not a financial adviser. I don't give financial advice. I don't know what your thesis is with liquidations. Again, I've done hundreds of hours of back testing. So, I have my different thesis eye on liquidations. You can see $1.8 million liquidation here. And let's see when the last time he purchased. He was buying this morning at 5:08 a.m. He was buying this morning and he got into a position here on hype for $60 or at he got a $1.8 million position and he gets liquidated at 60.75. So this is Intel for sure. I can go here and I can say hey let me go ahead and uh switch to a different symbol here. I don't know whichever symbol you're trading. I suppose aster or ARB. Okay. I can go ahead and say, "Oh, it's up here already." Beautiful. Let's go back to uh BTC. Let's go ahead and only see the ones that are like a million or more. Okay, so there's actually a lot of long liquidations, over a million on BTC, and there's not many short liquidations. What does that tell you? I don't know. Today is May 24th. So, today is the um May 24th. There's 12 million in long short liquidations. There's a 2.5 million and a 10 million, but there's a lot of small ones, of course. So, I take that filter out and there's a lot more small ones. So, you know, do with this information as you may. I'm not I'm not a financial adviser. I can't give financial advice. Uh, but I think this is super interesting and it truly is revolutionary if you think about it because you've never been able to see people's positions right in line. Like, imagine you're trading this. I mean, I'm not a hand trader. I don't believe in hand trading, but this type of information and this type of edge, hey, maybe this will get you to finally automate your trading. If you do want help with all that, I can help you. Uh, just come to the private Zoom we have each day, moon mundab.com. Uh, matter of fact, if you want to just now, you probably won't, but it's probably too early for you, but we do have the Memorial Day sale going on, and I'll teach you how to get your trading bots live to remove your emotions, and I'll show you how to have AI do all the heavy lifting, all that good stuff. But I just think this is a pretty sick tool and I built it with all of the knowledge that I give you inside of the boot camp and on my daily private Zooms. So, I'll see you around. Much love to you. Let me know what you think about this tool, how you'll use it. Um, you can see I can switch to all as well, which is cool because then I can see, okay, BTC, there's a $12 million short liquidation, there's a $2.5 million BTC, $5.8 million hype liquidation. That's a pretty big one, dude. And 10.2 on BTC. But hype is smaller than BTC, you know. So, I think this is super interesting information.