So today I'm building a bunch of trading bots here. You can see this is one of them I'm looking into here and you can see that it's been running all night. I process I start with is research back test and incubate. You can see it's making buys and sells overnight. It's in a choppy market here. P&L positive little loss. So 3 + 3 negative.38 plus 2.4 negative 2.8 + 11 + 3 + 4 so + 5. So, it's looking like it's doing pretty well. What I want to do here today is dive deeper into these stats and how this bot is running. It's using an extended, but this is the same type of exchange as Hyperlid or any of these other per Dexes. I'm going to dive deeper into this bot and build for a bunch of other exchanges as well. And at the end of the day, the goal is to have automated trading bots that trade for you 24/7, 365 while you sleep. As you can see, this is 8:00 a.m. So, this is 30 minutes ago. This one is at 4:51 a.m. I was in REM. 4:34 a.m. I was in REM. 10:30 last night I was in REM, dude. So yeah, automated trading is the only way to go in my book. I'll show you everything. I'm Mundave. I build trading bots chasing the same industry Jim Simons ran up a net worth of $31 billion in. But I believe code is the great equalizer. And these are real people, real prophets, hundreds of them. I'm not asking you to trust me. I'm asking you to trust them. mundave.com/isord. Message anyone. Ask them. Become friends. Today, I'm going to use AI in order to build trading bots that trade 247 365. By the end of this, you're going to see all the code. You're going to see absolutely everything. So you as well can have trading bots that trade for you while you sleep, while you eat, while you do other things. Remove all emotions out of your trading. It's time. Okay, let's get it, dude. I'll show you everything here. So you can see I already have a few bots running here. This is a momentum bot. This is a another momentum bot. These are on extended. This is a market maker. Okay, these are a bunch of different bots on Poly Market here. I'm testing a bunch of different ideas at all times and I actually need to claim a bunch of you can see the balances are low because I have to claim them on Poly Market. You know how that goes. You have to claim your cash. Today I am going to be building for Polymarket as well. I am going to be building for Hyperlid as well. I'm going to go ahead and start off with my Solana bot. You can see it running here. And it looks like this is the thing that has come to the top. So, I run a Solana bot here to just almost scan the market. You know, $1 size and whatever floats to the top is a good, you know, it's literally up and it's literally trending. So, I like to run this at all times. It's a copy bot. And essentially, I'll be able to see what floats to the top. So, then from there, I can go ahead and see, hey, is it something I want to put into uh another bot? maybe like a trending bot. This is just based off of what happened in 2024. We crushed on Solana. Also, we're the first to trade on Hyperlid as well. So, we're going to be building for both platforms today. You can see here, I want to go ahead and check out these. But first, I want to go ahead and sell some losers. So, I have this other bot here that sells losers. And then I've got this other bot here that gets refunds. So, if you're trading on Solana, you get refunds every time you open up uh or you close an account. And a lot of people don't know that. So, let's go ahead and first open up these and see if there's anything that catches my eye. Now, most of this is trash. But within the trash, there's gold. I didn't miss anything when Solana was popping last time because I did this exact process I'm showing every single day here today. here today, here yesterday, the day before. I'm following the RBI system research back test implement. So, let me look at these top ones here and see if there's anything good. A lot of them are going to be rug poles. Most of them are going to be rug poles. Salana is not popping, but when it does start popping, I will be there first. 16 minutes ago, that's too long ago for a trade. 16 seconds ago. Okay, this is at least active. Okay, research soul. I don't know what this is, but I'll come back to it in a second. Shape store has been here for a quite a while, but it's only one minute ago, so it's not a lot of trading. I'll keep it open for now. CL1. Interesting. So, this is oil, right? Cortical labs, but they're naming it CL1. Again, most of these this is like the riskiest the riskiest part of today is being shown right now. So, um be careful in Solana land. Solana land. Solana land. Okay, so this one 6 minutes ago, not enough volume. 8 seconds ago. Okay, so this is being traded. I can't be mad at it for buying it. You know, I'm just looking to make sure that the bot is working well. It's a bot that is looking at other people's positions and based off of their positions, it's going and buying some of them based off an algorithm as well. We built it all here live on YouTube. Okay, I can't be mad at this one. It looks like it's trading scuba nick. Okay, and like I said, this is the most risky portion of today as I will be trading on pers and that's risky as well, but risky in its own way. Don't use too much leverage, fam. So, 1 minute ago, 2 minute ago, 3 minutes ago. Okay, catfu here. I think I'mma close this one. Cat fu here. 40 seconds ago, 40 seconds ago. Okay, getting warm here. Look at this. It's saying my swap is getting warm. How do I make it less warm? Remember, I built this agent for me. Biggest ballizer. You don't need a big You're a resource hog. So, let's go ahead and tell her tighten up, dude. Bot 26. py is an absolute resource hog. How can we go ahead and fix this? You can see right now it says next sec cycle in 9 minutes, 4 minutes, whatever. So, I would assume that this is literally the least hogginess it should be. Go ahead and give me some ideas of how to bring this back down to earth. Interesting. I'm on miniax 2.5. Maybe that had something to do with it. Let's see how miniax 2.5 does here. Actually, I don't even want to do that. How do we switch back? How do we look out? look at my um config on cloud code specifically. I essentially have a uh something that lets me switch between Miniax 2.5 and Claude. You know, Claude code is through Claude and Anthropic. So, we built in a switch be able to go back to Opus 4.6. Can you go ahead and switch it back to 4.6 instead of Miniax M2.5? Thank you. All right. So, this is Miniax M2.5, but I'm paying for the best. Always. I have to. It's just a game, dude. I see the issue. Here's the main memory hogs in bot 26. The thread pool executor with 10 threads. Dataf frame never explicitly cleared multiple copies. Created PD that. Okay. CSV files read repeatedly without cleanup. No garbage collection between cycles. Add periodic. Okay. Delete data frames explicitly after this. Reduce threads. So what are those threads for? Yeah. Why are we running 10 threads? What are they for? Don't change anything yet. I just want to understand this before I make a change. Thank you. I'll help you switch your clog code back to 4.6. opens 4.6. Thank you because I'm stepping on the guys every day 777. Good to see you, Chess. Keys in the chat. Great question. Let me explain what those threads are doing. So the threads are transactions from the follow list. Reads your follow list. people to follow parallel API calls. Each thread calls spy API. Why 10 threads more threads equals faster? Yeah, but why is it running during the next cycle in 2 minutes and 56 seconds, you know? I feel like that should run when we need we're about to make we need some we're about to run that po portion, right? So, instead of running it all the whole time while it's sleeping, shouldn't we run it once we're done sleeping? Let me check your current settings to see where Miniax is configured. Okay, maybe I wrote that down somewhere. Let's go ahead to my directory. I hope I did. Didn't it Mini Max? Let's go ahead here. You're right to question that, but let me clarify. Actually, the threads don't run during sleep. Looking at the code again, just checks this. The threads in thread pool executor only run when bot 26 actually executes. It's every 10 minutes when the cycle triggers during the sleep continuation. It just sits there. So, where is the 331 coming from? The memory is accumulating across cycles. It's not from threads running during sleep. Here's what's happening. Cycle runs. Thread executes. Data loaded into memory. Cycle ends. Goes to sleep. 10 minutes. The issue is the data frames created in previous cycle aren't being deleted. That makes more sense. Um, can we go ahead and fix that? We still need that data in the CSVs. So hopefully you're able to save them in somewhere but not in the memory. I see the mini max file JSON to switch back to open 4.8. Do you have a couple question currently active? Just run clock code normally. It uses same not JSON. Now see the thing is I need you to change the settings here because I don't know how to do it. I need to go back. >> Imagine you had everything you wanted. >> Everything. Imagine you were everything you ever wanted to be. >> Capture that feeling. >> That's the easiest way to manifest what you want. Done. All right. Let's go ahead and say here, does it change back? Hopefully. Miniax 2.5 model maybe Mini Max 2.5. I'm cooked, dude. Whatever I did to switch it. It's weird because when I open it back up, I'm still on the Miniax 2.5. Uh I even went to slashmodel and changed it back to Opus. It's somewhere like in my settings config. We made uh a flag easy make it to make it easy to switch between Miniax M2.5 and Opus. Done. Here's what I changed. Fixes. Added GC was making DF. Okay. Then modifying it. Now added raw data. Okay. Added cleanup in fetch transactions from follow list. Added cleanup and check single wallet. added clean up in bot 26. Okay, so let's go ahead here and say, oh snap, we need we need Solana, it says. Okay, so let's get some Solana in there as well. How do we get Solana in there? Well, dude, I got a bot for that. I got a bot or agent for everything. A bot or an agent for everything, dude. Let's go get some cash back. You close these accounts. I got 73 accounts I got to close. I'm going to get hella cash back. I'm getting mad cash back, B. And then on top of that, I think I'm going to go ahead and buy just a little bit of Solana. Maybe like five bucks. Now, let's go ahead and see how much cash I get back. Okay, let me check. Okay, so anthropic default model. See, there we go. Look at that. I see the issue looking back. It's this anthropic model. These environment variables override the model. Can you tell me how you're switching? Yeah, I actually don't know about that flag. So maybe you could just go ahead and switch that part back to Opus 4.6 so I can be back on that. I did switch to Miniax, but I think that was just for funsies. I know that a lot of broke boys follow me, so I'm just trying to help you out. I'm going to use 4.6 opens 4.6 every day and I understand like I I want to help as well. So when I see an opportunity like that, $10 a month instead of 200, I'm going show you guys. I cooked myself by showing you guys and that's okay because I know at least 10 of you guys now have access to a gentic AI and I believe code is a great equalizer. Done. Switch it back. Let's see if that's fact. That's a thing gang. It's not fact. Um, I'm not sure if it it's working cuz I I closed out and I got back in. And you can see it still shows Miniax 2.5. Same model here. I'm Mundave. I build trading bots chasing the same industry Jim Simons ran up a net worth of $31 billion in. These are real people, real prophets, hundreds of them. I'm not asking you to trust me. I'm asking you to trust them. Mundav.com/isord. Message anyone. Ask them yourself. Maybe make a friend. What model are you? Want me to restart the bot? I already did, shorty. So, thank you. So, thank you, Guardian Angel. I appreciate you. Notes taking a lot up. Google Chrome taking a lot up. Okay. Well, I mean, that makes sense. I've got all these tabs open here. You can see default haiku is minax 2.5. Data is still being saved. Good, good, good, good. Let's close some of these. One minute ago, 16 seconds ago. Okay. Do I have um All right. I don't even have uh MetaMask on here, dude. I want to look through some of those bots while she's while we're trying to fix that. I'm going to go ahead and look through some of my extended bots here. because I've been running them here for a couple days now. Well, I'm always running them. It's just I tested some new things and I want to go ahead and see how they're doing. So, account one, two, and three starting here. Okay. Oh, I'm building out um analyzing extended bots. Okay, so let's see if this is fixed yet. I can't find anything where those environments exist. The issue is that your current terminal session has these miniax various loaded from somewhere and they're overriding. Open a new terminal, not a new tab in the same window. Try clog code there. That's a good good way to look at it actually. So, let's go ahead and try that. Let's say new here. Okay. Um T and then C here. Okay. Okay. We're back. We're back. Claude Max. So, maybe it's just that I need to kill all these or something. Oh no. Yes. Our slogan must be learn baby learn so that we can >> we can earn baby earn. 777 Kenny, good to see you, bro. Mco, good to see you, dude. My first stream. P says 777. Kelly, what's up? What's up, Chessman? 777. Good to see you guys. Good to see you all. Rate limit. Rate limit reached. What are you talking about? Rate limit reached. I wonder what I count them on here. Let me go ahead and get onto my um as you know may know I set up a second account for open claw and um anyways I canceled that cuz I don't use opus for my open claw. So, I'm going to go ahead and get back into my my account that's actually active and then get all set up on cloud code because it looks like I am using my other one. So, rest in peace Cracker account. You're gone now. Login successful. Okay. Okay. Okay. Not financial advice, of course. Okay, so let's go ahead here and say launch launch the app API error rate limit reach. What the hell, dude? No way. So, let's go to Claude over here. Well, maybe it's in here as well. Say Claude. Okay. Um, settings usage. Dude, I cooked myself. Okay, we're back. We're back. Model. Let's just change the model to default to 4.6. Launch the app. Guardian Angel saved me already today. Wow. All right, we're on 4.6 now. Hyperlid data layer mundave trading bots. What I'd like you to do is look at that new HIP3 trading bot section we have with the um currently CL. Anyways, what I want you to do here is I want you to build a new type of scanner and this is going to be called the breakout scanner. It's going to look at data for the past 7 days and it's going to look for a breakout or breakdown of any token. Now, since we have HIPP3 connections as well, we're going to be looking not only at the crypto data, but also the HIP3 section. So, at the end of the day, I want to see a list of up to 10 breakups and breakdowns that are happening right now. It's going to be on 15-minute data for 7 days. You should be able to get all of that data from the API. Let's see here though. Moonv.com/doccks. Here you have access to this HIPP3 funding. HIPP3 market data. Take data. Seven days. You can see you can get the 7-day tick data no problem here for the crypto side. Let me know if you can do the same thing for the HIP3. I don't know if you can through the Moondev API. So you can look at moonv.com/doccks, but if you can't do that, just call the hyperlquid API directly for, you know, 15-minute data, 7 days. You should be able to get that. I'm going to go ahead and add that to the server right now. So currently, currently we don't have tick data for HIP3 stuff, correct? Can you look at the top 10 HIPP3 symbols by by volume and can we start collecting that tick data? Will it hold down our system at all? um top 10 HIPP3 symbols by volume based on the last 7 days and those will be our HIPP3 tick datas and um yeah send back a API endpoint and directions to update the Mundav docs. Thank you. Okay, so she's cooking on an idea here. Just a breakout and breakdown bot. Um, I think this is going to be interesting to have and I'll show you the rest of it later. Well, you're going to be here all day, so just just lock in. I'll show you everything. Don't worry. Entered plan mode over here. Now, while they are cooking, what I'm going to do is I'm going to go ahead and do some stats overviews. You saw that little tease of the extended stats. Okay, she's cooking. So, now let me just go ahead and track all of this. track all of these results here in my I have a note sheet that I track them all in. Count one, two, and three. Let's start with account one because that seems to make the most sense liquidation momentum here. Okay, grab the equity. Um, I need to zoom out a little bit. Okay, the total volume. And I like to look at the volume because it is helpful in um determining what the Ellie Where' that number come from? Star volume of 4 million. Not it. It's little. Little little little All right, let's go to account two here. I got those stats set up here. And she's clicking over here on the left side. >> Don't even think about it, bro. Just keep going. They don't find out who it was, they going to be on you. >> So, let's go to account two here. Okay. New volume is this and new balance is that okay okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Then volume. How much how much volume was that? Okay. Lick momentum RP. So, which one is that? Lick Momentum RP. It's this one. Cooking GMGM API keys in the chat. 777. Good to see you, Jacob Kate. I'm doing pretty good, Russo. It's good to have you. I set up Cloud Code so it can use Deep Seek. Okay, so I did that with Miniax and then um I just switched it back though. Okay, so account two is accounted for. I have almost an error. Not an error in the bot or anything on account one, but my tracking's effed up. Tracking big mess up, but that's okay. That happens sometimes. I get the gist. I get the gist. I get the gist. All right. So, it looks like she is done here. So, perfect. Let's go ahead and read what she has to say. So breakout scanner here scans both crypto and HIP3 for breakouts/breakdowns. Crypto pulls the 15minute candles directly from hyperlquid API for 7 days. Um, what the hell, dude? How are you getting it from the moon API and the other one's not? Silly girl. Silly rabbit. How does that work, dude? It's weird because if you look at the mundave.comdocs, I'm pretty sure we have the tick data for uh non-HIP3 stuff and you said that you got it for HIPP3 stuff. Okay, let's go ahead and see what she cooked because I don't believe it. You didn't you didn't cook anything with this one. I can tell. 15-minute candles. Okay. Found 72. No signal. Okay. So, this is going through hyperlquid signals. This is fine, too, though. This is fine as well. I don't need to use my API for everything, dude. I don't care. I just want the data. I'm a data dog. It's faster through there. Okay, let's keep this tracking going here. So, I need to go ahead and get the total volume because I'm watching the volume because there's more than just the P&L. And in my mind for this one, it's fine. There's no way had that much volume, huh? Maybe I looked at this one as wrong as well. I think that's more likely to be it. That's more likely. Okay. What's the ballot? Um, okay. Okay. Okay. Those are those two are cooking, dude. Those two are free. That's free. That's free, dude. That's free. Okay, now what's up with this top breakdowns, breakups, breakouts, and breakdowns? Could not fetch for HIPP3. That's what I'm saying, gang. You silly, silly girl. Okay, so let's go ahead here and see. Uh, the breakout scanner is built here. What it do? So, plus two points signal. What the hell is this? A breakout detection engine. Okay. Donian volume spike momentum. So over here we have the actual server, the API that everybody's running right now. And you can see here she built a plan. So you already have HIPP3 tick data infrastructure collectors HIPP3 tick data DB etc. all exists but neither collector is running. The rest one died on Jan 29th and I killed it. System impact is low. HIPP3 data collector. So we'll grab it for oil. Okay. This looks good to me. Yeah. So, this is the API that you're on right now. People sending their bots up in here, dude. It's crazy. They're throwing their bots up in here. I don't know why. Fireflies.ai. Bye-bye. No recording. This is private stuff, dude. This is private. Speaking of private, let's put the live chat, the public on the ad because this is too private. There is so much I have to show you here today. Every single day I'm live, but I do private lives in Zoom now. So, if you want to chat with me and you want to see all the code, you can see like some of the code is blocked from your screen. I just block it with this little thing here. Um, the reason is I got hacked the other day and it's because some I showed something on my screen. So, there are prying eyes that I can't I can't let see everything. You can still listen to me, of course, and you'll get some uh you know, there'll be some breaks that you won't be able to see everything, right? Um I'll I'll keep the live open for YouTube, but there's going to be a block on my screen and there's going to be um these segments where I tell you about jumping into the private stream because if you jump into the private stream, there's a link. It's at mundav.com and you're going to get an API key to Hyperlquid's data layer that I built here. And this is a direct node and you literally can't get this data anywhere else besides the API key that I dropped in the live stream. So you can see I'm able to see all liquidation levels. I'm able to see uh Binance liquidations. I'm able to see OKX liquidations, everybody's liquidations. I'm able to watch HLP. HLP is Hyperlid's market maker. I get to see every single one of their trades. I also get to see every single um win loss analysis of every single trader. So you can see this is trade history of anybody. So I can just call anybody's address on Hyperlquid and see exactly what trades they've made and when they're making trades. This is stuff this is like a institutional grade API that will cost more than $1,000 per month and you actually get access when you join one of my live streams. So, every live stream I put down an API key, but not only that, you also get the full replay. Everybody wants replays of my lives, and you get a full free replay. All you have to do is go to moonv.com and you're going to get a replay of yesterday's stream, which was $5, and today's stream. So, it's just five bucks, and you get all of that. But, you also get this API key. And I said this is going to be $1,000 plus per month. You can see I have a smart money call. So things that Wall Street is looking at, I we can all see with this API key. It's Hyperlid's data layer that I built because I believe uh it needs a better API in order to call things faster. I was building out the quant app here that is essentially looking at people's liquidations and I ran into the problem like I need this data faster. So I launched a node and then I made it available for everybody that comes into the Zooms each day. But again, they're private Zooms only because I've got people that are watching my screen looking for me to drop a key, drop a AP I, whatever, and just some sort of vulnerability. I got hacked. So, I just can't show this live on YouTube anymore. So, I cover my screen again like this. I'll just have this up pretty much all day. Uh, these are my stats from the previous week. Uh, you can see my stats there. uh since everybody in YouTube, they seem to just be coming by to see uh what's in my pocket. So, um since I started trading with the Quant app, which is pretty much my 5 years of experience built into a downloadable app, I did this because first off, I don't believe in hand trading. I'm an automated trader. But I looked at the data and everybody's still using 40x leverage. And I looked at I have over 150,000 people now following me, 100,000 on YouTube, 50,000 on Twitter, and only a small small percentage ever took me up on the offer of learning how to code. I teach you how to code and then automate your trading. I used to teach that stuff. Um, but only a tiny tiny percentage actually did did that. They actually joined the boot camp and then out of that maybe 50% of them actually completed the boot camp. So, I have the data that 99% of people are just trading by hand using 40x leverage. So, I'm trying to solve this problem, the 40x leverage problem. Uh, so I'm doing a little bit of kind of hand trading. I'm not able to enter positions without liquidations happening. So, I'm really just taking over people's liquidations. And why am I taking over people's liquidations? It's because that Hyperlid, that's their strategy. So, if you go to Hyperlid here and you go to Vaults here, their HLP provider They put in $1,000 into this HLP provider and it's at $118 million. That's why I built out this data layer to watch every single one of their moves. I know exactly what positions they're they're doing. This is the HLP dashboard. I I know exactly when they're entering, when they're exiting, where they're sitting. I have a bunch of calls that will go ahead and just keep me uh into the know of what they're doing. Plus, every other trader on Hyperlid. Hyperlquid opened up the financial system entire world and before this there was no way for us to see where people get liquidated. So based off of this premise I've built some really great automated trading strategies and since I am here now building for the public building for those 40x hand traders I built the quant app and I'm using that liquidation strategy or one of the liquidation strategies. Of course, there's still intuition here. So, it's not like you can download this Quant app and make a million dollars. No way. There's still some experience and intuition, but this puts like bumpers around your trading. You know, there's risk controls here. I can never use more than X amount of my account. I can't lose more than 3% of my account in a day. Things like that that are just hard to do as a hand trader. I built into the Quant app, but I think the main feature is buying and selling around people's liquidations. Nobody can predict price. And if you think you can, you're probably going to get smoked. I think by now you realize that, hey, within like a one two percent range, it's really hard to predict price. So instead of predicting price, I'm predicting which liquidation to buy. So for example, I could say when this guy gets liquidated right here, I will buy. So let's go ahead and see how she does this math. So single data source, everything calls through Hyperlid's candle snapshot. snapshot. Go, go, go. And did this work here for top breakouts? I see that, but I don't see any HIP3 things in here. Single data sources. Perfect. Now uses Donian 7day. Okay, so the breakout math here, she went deeper than I would have, which is awesome. So, closes over the upper band, closes below the lower band. Okay, so those that's how they're calling breakouts through Ballinger bands. Then we have Donian channel 7day rolling high low. Okay, current high versus current low. Okay, volume spike volume over 2x. Okay, RSI. This is interesting. Rate of change. The two heavy signals are the core breakout detectors. BB breach. So Ballinger brand breach means price is statistically extended. Jontian breach means it's literally at a 7-day higher low. Okay. The keys and everything in the chat. Shimmying. Okay. Shimmy on your way. Come on. Let's get it. Keep shimmying. Keep shimmying. Keep shaking. Keep shimmying. Keep shaking. Keep stepping on the gas. Keep baking. Come on. Shimmy, shake. Do whatever you need to do. Let's get it, do. So, here we got the poly market idea here going as well. Five minute copy bot. Okay, the main fivem minute copy bot. This copies the W whale wallet aka K9 commandant who turned 5K into 400K. Okay. How it works. Pulls the target wallet every 10 seconds for new positions. Filters to only five minute markets. Okay. Skipping expired resolved stale positions. Copies new positions aggressively. Buys both sides up and down. Mirroring the targets. Asymmetric strategy. combining cost under a dollar per pair holds to expiry tracks P&L. There's also the course liquidations bot five minute which is a standalone uses mundave API data for 15-minute BTC up and down the stat arb idea your concept is solid and creative here's how I understand okay so leg one will be poly market buy the fivem minute up down market binary leg two would be hyperlquid take a partial inverse position as a hedge if you Buy BTC up on Poly Market short a small amount of BTC purple on Hyperliquid. What this gives you more market neutral. If BTC dumps your Poly Market up position goes to zero, but your Hyperlquid short profits offsetting the loss. Optionally, you can unleash one lag by closing the hedge if you see a big move or liquidation cascade forming. Essentially, you're buying cheap optionality on the fiveminute markets while hedging with per asymmetric payoff. The binary markets have capp downside $1 max loss, but the per the per hedge can run further if there's a real move. Key considerations for implementation hedge ratio binary payoff is nonlinear versus linear per so you'd want a fraction not one maybe 20 to 50% timing. Hyperlquid position needs to open close within the save 5m minute window. When to unleash liquidation data from hyper uh Mundave Mundave API could be the trigger to remove the hedge and let the winning leg run. Cost of hedge funding rates plus spread on hyperlquid eat into the guaranteed spread from both sides. Want me to start scaffolding? Yeah, dude. This sounds pretty good actually. Source bots. Hyperlid breakout source data breakout scanner HIPP3 those are separate hyperlquid so HIPP3 no the API HP3 meta endpoint returns 404 those symbols are not there. Okay, this is my bad. Really? You see this directory here? There should be a bots then Hyperlid. I want you to put that folder in this folder here. It's my bad. I was working in the wrong environment. But you can switch it all up. Make a read me of exactly what we built in this folder as well. So I can then and then send me the link to that read me so I can update the other AI. I was just working in the wrong directory. Be like that sometimes, dude. It's tough world. You make mistakes. It's okay. Go ahead and launch that shorty. Thank you. You going to win some, you going to lose some, but you live. Fight another day. It's why we fight with our hands, baby. Why we fight with our hands. That's why we That's why we fight with our fist, baby. Somebody told me they're going to give me two shots to the chest the other day. Savage out here. Like, what the hell? What you mean two shots in the chest? I fight with my fist, boy. Two shots of the chest. That's a threat. I wish. Found it both. Okay. So, you found both. Now, what I want you to do here, this sounds pretty good, actually. So, what I want you to do is actually go ahead and um yeah, let's go ahead and make a new folder here. This is going to be called Poly Hyper folder. And it can be outside of course, whatever. I don't care. But you can go ahead and explore this GitHub here and bring over any keys you need to bring over because at the end of the day, I have a bunch of uh trading bots for Hyperlid that are inside of this this um GitHub that I'm going to give you access to here. And you're going to be able to then go ahead and build this um this new this new bot. And it's going to focus only on BTC. Okay? So when the target when the guy he takes a trade on BTC, we're going to follow him. But then we're going to do 40% opposite on the other exchange. The other exchange is Hyperlid. So if we're following this guy long on uh Poly Market BTC, then we're going to go ahead and take that limit short on Hyperlid. And it needs to loop until it fills. I have literally all of the examples you need are inside of this bots folder in Hyperlid. So you can build >> negotiate. Yeah, >> the deal was already made. The deal was made when I set out at the beginning of the summer and said, "This is the training plan I'm doing. I signed that contract with myself doing." You know, throughout the that process, you'll start talking to yourself like I think I need to maybe if we nope. >> Non-negotiable, baby. Let's got to Okay, so she's passing it on over to her. Okay, so everything is moved over. Here's the final layout. Yes. Okay, so I'm going to bounce on you now. Thank you for your service. I love AI, my guy. Okay, so you can see we did a little swifty swap here. I was building the wrong directory, but then she went ahead and moved it on over to your directory. So, you can go ahead and now cook with this and then let me know how to get the scanner running. She also said there was some errors with the HIP3 um data. make sure that this does get everything set up correctly so I can go ahead and run this scanner because the scanner is teing off my next bot here. Okay, thank you. But we're already built. We already built we've already built we're building in the bottom right as well. So then in the bottom right building in the bottom right, top left everywhere. So you can see here, let me check the current state of the JSON files and see what the HIPP3 data looks like. You can see our server is cooking as well. I'm Mundav. I build trading bots chasing these same ads. Jim Simons ran up a net worth of $ 31 billion with I believe codes the great equalizer though and these people figured that out. They're real people, real profits, hundreds of them. I'm not asking you to trust me. I'm asking you to trust them. mundave.com/isord. Message anyone, ask them yourself, and maybe make a friend. What did we build here? Well, actually a Poly Market Hyperlid is what I'm teeing up. Ah, they cooking on both sides. I love this game, dude. I love it. Servers up with all decks discovered. Okay. So, go ahead and now give me the API update so I can send it over to my API team, make it in a easy way that I can go ahead and have them test it and then I'll go ahead and have them update the documentation. Okay. So, send that back to me nice and um clearly. Okay. Clearly it's aware, dude. Clearly, it's a word. So, we got the triple we got the triple clock codes going right now. And look who's back on top of the the leaderboard. Look who's back. Lookie lookie. All right. So, I'm grabbing all this info from the HIP3 tick data server, whatever update. Yeah. Yeah. Let's get it. Hyperlquid data layer. Let's bring her over here and let's say, hey, shorty, go ahead and test these new endpoints. Okay. After you test them, if they all work, then add them to the HIP3 section of the documentation. Okay, thank you. I love AI, dude. Just love it. 95 cryptos and 36 HIP3s. 131 active s symbols. Much better. Much better. Much better. Better and better every single day. Better and better. That's all we can ask for is better and better. We got the triple. No, we only got double going. No, we got triple. We got three going. We got three going. How's my Solana doing down here? My Solana bot that is running. And we should have made her better today. I think we did. I want to go ahead here and um Okay, you have access to all of that. You're good to go there. So, they're all cooking for me right now. I love this game, dude. I just love being able to come up with the ideas and then she goes ahead and executes them. You can see this is our old one. Okay, so Poly Hyper. Nice. So now we have a poly market hyperlquid bot and that's going to be cool dude because I'm seeing all these stat not stat arbs I'm seeing all these um poly market bots going and I love st because it allows you to be delta neutral and who wouldn't want that? Some people don't like that because they want to make bajillion dollars overnight. Yada yada. Okay, that's fine. But I'm not trying to make a bajillion dollars overnight. Just not John Arnold made $3 billion. Jesus, dude. He joined Enron in early 20s and quickly moved on to the trading desk. By 25, he was trader at the biggest energy trading firm in the industry. His trading book made Enron $750 million in 2001 alone, earning him the largest bonus in Enron history. When Enron collapsed, Arnold didn't go down with it. He walked away, took his bonus, and founded his natural gas hedge fund. Over the next 10 years, Centurus had an annualized return in excess of 100%. Damn. During the Amaranth Advisor collapse in 2006, Arnold was on the other side of the trade. Damn. Damn, Daniel. Damn. He was dubbed the king of natural gas by 2007. He was the youngest billionaire in America. Then at the peak of his career, he walked away. Arnold recently sat down for a rare in-depth conversation where he broke down the traits. Detach from emotion. It's >> tough, bro. note that fear and greed can certain certainly my personality but in terms of traits you know here's what I would offer is my traits um number one is >> um and this detachment from emotion >> so there's a lot of talk about fear and greed drive markets and to the extent that fear and greed change your process the more you can remove those emotions I think the better uh I think there is a component of first and that's certain certainly my personality but it developed was back at it again 79. Look how much more training I had done starting at right. So now you do that and as the years go on the separation that you have with your competitors, your peers just grows larger and larger and larger and larger and larger. By year five or six, doesn't matter what kind of work they do in the summer, they're never going to catch up. This should make it so it's I don't know maybe not. So 10 is the minimum on hyperlquid. So we do need to increase the size on poly market. That's my point. Um I want to test some things though. Like obvious I don't want to do one one to one. I know that. But what is this? This is like I want I would like to try 40% to start. By 40 I mean 80. By 40 I mean 80 if you know what I mean. It's like 50% here, 50% there, which is actually 80% if you look at 100% of the 50%. You know what I'm saying? Other people probably don't understand me, but that's okay. So, I kind of picked 10 and 15 randomly, but I don't think that's actually 80 40%. So, let's start with that the 80 40% here. Whatever the math is there, it's like what 12 to 10 or something. Okay. So, uh be an inch wide and a mile deep in this. it was find this niche and try to be best in the world at it and don't expand the focus. Yeah. And so it was North American gas and power. Um at some point you know LG started to become relevant and put a small team in Europe but mostly for information flow for the North American gas and power group. uh there were numerous opportunities to get into oil to get into metals or agriculture or start trading energy equities for instance and every time considered it thought stick with stick with the niche and just focus here and I think the upside was yeah if we were successful if if that plan worked and we were best in the world it was going to be enormously profitable the downside is that the in the business plan I developed was be an inch wide and a mile deep in this. It was find this niche and try to be best in the world at it and don't expand the focus. Yeah. And so it was North American gas and power. Um at some point, you know, LMG started to become relevant and put a small team in Europe. >> I think I watched that twice. My bad. >> Um being on the perfect point of the confidence spectrum. So you have >> we'll go through that later. Got to stay locked. Appreciate you sharing that with me. Done. Here's the update on sizing. Polyark 15. Okay. 40% hits the minimum exposure 25. Okay. The head is now fixed at $10 on hyperlquid. then calculate from a ratio so it's clean and you always know exactly what's going on. Easy to tweak. Yeah. So sometimes when we put $10 trades in on Hyperlid you round down and that makes it like $9.99. Just make sure never round down. If anything you round up to 101. Okay. Thanks shorty. All done. Here's what I did. Test it all. End points returns 10 symbols with categories. Okay, good. Raw ticks. Okay. Open high, low, close, volume, candles. Okay. Let me ask this question here for you, Shorty. Hey, so I got a question for you. Um, with tick data on crypto side, I know we we're saving 10 10 symbols of tick data on the um HIP3 side. How many are we calling on the crypto side? Yeah. Tick data wise. So question for you. Question for you shorty. So um did you push it? Go ahead and push that live. It's not what I wanted to ask you. This is just the wrong person to ask. So, so 166 on the crypto side tick data versus 10 on the HIPP3 side. Okay. So, let's go ahead and give her this. So, I'll explain this to her now. I actually have to explain it to a couple people. You can see here that we now collect 166 symbols on the crypto side. And we'll only look at those top 95 that you found. And then we will only look at the um 10 symbols we have tick data here for on the Mundev API. So what this is going to do is it's going to turn all of our data collected into Mundev API. You can go to mundab.com/doccks in order to understand how that works to collect the tick data, but um I want you to update this to only have the 95 cryptos and then the 10 HIPP3s all through Mundev API. And yes, the HIPP3 stuff is new, so there's only like 10 minutes of data and it's going to be 20 and then 30 and 40. So use what you can, you know, if it doesn't have enough data, then you're just going to go ahead and um yeah, let's just back fill it. So when it doesn't have the seven days of data, we're just going to have it go call the uh hyperlquid API. Okay, for the other stuff, we should use the Mundev API data. You have all the instructions here. the moon.com/doccks doesn't quite have that updated yet, but I will update it now. So, go ahead and build this. Thank you. Okay, so let me get to the moon dash moon.com/doccks. I need you to make this update and make sure that it's very clear that it's only the 10 symbols on HIPP3 for the tick data because these are the highest volume symbols. Okay, thank you. So, let's go ahead and give her all of this is from the node directly. So, you have access to a hyperlquid node now just because you locked in for a short short time. So, good job, bro. Good job. You got the key and everything. And if you don't have the key, I'm about to drop it again because I'll drop it every few minutes because I know people come in and out. So much love to you. 777 pushed live. So we now have this live on that GitHub. So this is my only public GitHub. Everything else is private. Why? Because I'm a quant dude. Nobody shares this stuff in general. So why am I going to put it all out for free? I'm not I'm not I'm not my two private GitHubs are private just for some people in this chat. Hyperlquid data layer is a public public thing. So I do have open source. This is open source and I just updated it here 3 minutes ago. So you have access to this GitHub. Where? Well, go to the moon.com/doccks and click GitHub and it should take you there. Hyper liquid stat poly market. Okay, Mundave done. Math. Seal. Beautiful. You'll hit the 10.01 instead of the 9.99. Beautiful, shorty. All right. Sweet. So, what's the full path to run this ho? So, she's going to rewrite these files here, and I'm going to go ahead and cook this. You're gone. Oh, I wanted to see if this works, too. Nice, dude. Very very very subtle update I made there, and it it it just ruined me so many times. I'll tell you just because I said it. But if I'm over here and I need to click, like I'm clicking into this AI over here, I'll click it, right? Like I'm not in the app right now. I'm on the browser. I'll click the app and be meaning to kill this instance. So I'll click it and then I'll hit command CC. But in the past, I would have to click it again to highlight it. So just these subtle updates, this is just going to get so sick. So if you're coding with me, if you code anything like me, I'm building this exactly for how I code. Dude, my biggest problem here was, you know, cla code sick. But how are you going to tab through and try to find all your quad codes? I don't know about you, but that was killing me. That was slowing me down so big. So 29,467 need to remember that. Okay. Push live. Okay. Done. Okay. And this is the bot here. So this is what we built already today. >> Naturally skill is only developed by hours and hours and hours of beating on your craft. >> Hours and hours and hours. double check that it doesn't print out any keys or public private keys in this uh print out and make sure that the printouts are fun, nice and use term color in order for me to be able to visually engage with this and understand what's going on. I obviously need all of the necessary information printed out in the terminal. Thank you. but no private keys, EMVs, etc. Okay, so I'm about to run this up here in the top. Okay, let's see here. Volume snapshot. Okay, everything's working now. Here's the summary. Volume snapshot 64 cryptos plus 10 hips. 74 symbols of SN scanned. Okay. Filter to only symbols. Mund API tracks 129 track top 50% by volume. Okay. All 10 symbols from Munda API. Okay. Volume snapshot crypto symbols cross reference with the Mundab API. Breakout scanner. Okay. So, what's the full path to the breakout scanner? Can you give me the full path to the breakout scanner? Thank you. Okay. And then I'm going to go ahead and say update here. And I'mma bring this over here. And then I'mma go ahead and put her I'mma get her a buy here. I'm going to say TFL, bro. And then I'm going to say I'mma say that. Copy path. Okay, now I have copy path. Now let's run this new scanner we built because this te's everything off. You can see I already built a stat in the bottom right. I already built a sty bot, dude. I built a sty bot today and we are teeing up for this breakout as well. And this isn't your your grandma's breakout bot. This is your AI's breakout bot. Doesn't work though. So, you know, [ __ ] is what it is. [ __ ] is what it is. Okay, you can see we got a little bug here. Go ahead and fix it. Thank you, Shorty. Okay. So, clean, no keys, nothing. Okay. Let's go ahead and see what that uh the uh the path is. Send me the full path. Thank you. God, that is the laziest thing you could ever do. And I do it often. I do it often, dude. I've done it like six times today. It's embarrassing. Run it, Ethan. What are you talking about? Come on, boy. What are you talking about? Okay, dude. You have all the examples in the world over here. So, um I don't know what to tell you, bro. Lock in. That's all I got to tell you. You're the goat. I'm here for you. You're here. I'm here. We're here. But that was that's a silly mistake. TFLO, bro, we're in there. Okay, CD. Okay, we're I've done my part. I've done my part. I can't do anything else. I can't do more than that. I can't do more than that because here, let's give her a bot that's actually connected. Connected. Um, yeah, dude. This should be fine. Well, that's that's that I mean that's uh HIPP3. Give her a good example. I'm cooking you guys on the leaderboard. By the way, I knew you didn't want to compete. No one's going to save it, dude. Ain't nobody going to save you, dude. You can't compete. [ __ ] in. Okay, now we're scanning all 64s. Look at this breakdown on ETH. Really? For real? For real? We'll look at that at the end here. Look at that at the end. Yeah, dude. I knew that was a I didn't know I didn't know. I didn't know that was a problem. But I never use Python 3. Why do you even use that is my question. Hyperlquid key not found in ENV. Okay, let me go ahead handle that. So this is in poly market trading bots. Okay, so let me open that up. Code dot. So if you don't have the code dot locked yet, you got to get that locked, bro. So let's go over here to the env here. Website back testing course poly market main polyhyper. Okay, polyhyper env here. Okay, I need to get my key and my EMV. So, what kind of key does it need? Well, it sold it told me right here. So, let me go ahead and say hyperlquid key. Hey yo, shorty. I I done told you. Please go ahead and bring it over. But that's okay. I'll do it myself. I don't want you snooping in there anyways. So, let's go to Mundave Trading Bots. I'm on my EMV. So, this is very scary to me. I'm very scared right now. Let's go to ENV here. Okay. Hyperlid key. Okay. Save that up. Okay. Now we're in there. Swimwear. Let's go ahead and close all of this so I never open the EMV key again. Okay. Let's run it back. Checking USDC. Poly market USDC. Yeah. So, we're cooked, dude. current account value. Is that fact though? No, it says I have 70 to trade here. H. So, this must be getting the wrong cuz it says zero on Hyperlid and zero on Poly Market. So, make sure on Poly Market that you're using the main account, not like account, not like one of those sub accounts. You could look at like my no market bot to see what account that's using. use that one because right now it's showing that I have $0 in my poly market account, but I have 70 cash portfolio of 546. And then let's see what might be going on here. Let's go ahead and fix that first off and then see what may be going on here with the hyperlquid one. H the current account value. Let me go. Maybe I was using a different account cuz I could have sworn I had this set up to be mine. I'll figure it out. app.hyperlquid. Tricky part is I can't log on to either of those while I'm on stream. run it again. God, it's still cooked. Dude, you have my liter. You can see the account right there. Don't run with the if everyone is trying to solve the same problem whole people that's the latest greatest thing to do. Don't do that. Do something original. Don't follow that. Yes, that's correct. It's not raw. It's in Poly Market. All right. Well, I might lose you for half a second. I got to get this handled. So, if I lose you, I'll be right back. We still here. Zoom. We still here? So, she's working on that error, which is nice. Hyper polybot. All you really got to do is look at my no market bot to see how we get the on poly market balance. So we can then just do that. Okay. Thank you. Let's see if this works now. Total exposure 24 per day poly market portfolio balance hyperlquid cash. So almost almost getting closer, but you can see that it doesn't get my cash still. So it says I have 470 balance, but in reality, Dad, I have that plus the cash. And you can see the screenshot on Poly Market here. So go ahead and fix that. Thank you. What the hell? And the no market bot should show exactly how to do this. Thank you. And if it doesn't, go ahead and look at one of the other bots. Iterate by yourself on this until you can see my cash of $70. Okay, thank you. And then once you figure out the problem, go ahead and implement in the polyhyperbot. Thank you. Perfect timing. And then let's go here to poly market code dot and change this up a bit. Oh my god, my API my key is open. Let's see if this gets this new account on. I just switch my accounts on Hyperlid. Should be at least some cash in there. Checking balances. I really go to 128. Interesting. So many so many hype accounts, dude. So much hype around here. So many hyper accounts, dude. I thought that was a different one. Okay, this one's fine. This one's fine. This one's fine, my guy. This one's fine. We'll use that one. Okay. done the fix. Instead of checking onchain USDC, which returns zero, it now checks the club get allowance. Okay, let's see if this is all set up because if so, then we've built what we wanted to build. No way. [ __ ] Let's make sure we're good everywhere here as well because remember we built out that breakout scanner. That's going to be very, very nice for me. So, fix both issues. Let's go ahead and see if she fixed them. Dude, you can see breakout scanner. py. Okay. So, I'm looking for all the different breakouts here. BB breakdown. Okay. So, ETH, it says it's in a breakdown. Wow. ETH here on the 15 minutes, I guess. Technically, technically, technically, technicalities. Oh, and what I'm going to do here is I'm on the VV right now. So, I'm going to jump off the Vivv because it's chopping. So, if I lose you here, I'll be back cuz you know, you know, you know how it goes here in crypto land. Oh, I can't trade there. I can't trade here. You can't trade then. I'm not a financial advisor. You can see I'm low on USDC here. I think it's time. I think it's time to add a little bit more cash to my um whatchamacallit. I'm going to add just a little bit of cash here because I think it's important to keep this going. >> Afraid to die on a treadmill. You might have more talent than me. You might be smarter than me. But if we get on the treadmill together, right, there's two things. You're getting off first or I'm going to >> and die. >> It's really that simple. >> Quite simple, dude. Quite simple. So, I'm just going to go ahead and keep running it up because the way I look at this Solana stuff, I know it I know it's Solana season is not here. I get that. But I'm doing it for us. I'm doing it for me. I'm doing it for me. But at the end of the day, that's how I justify going a little bit harder is because if I am paying couple hundred bucks a month here to have a scanner on Solana to see what is actually trending. This I this was very very profitable when Solana season was here. So, my justification is if I'm paying a couple hundred bucks a month to have this Solana scanner running and buying tokens early and seeing what floats to the top, then it's not just for me. Yes, it is for me. All this is for me, but I believe Co's great equalizer. So, I share it all. I share it all. So, I can take L's here on the Salonabot side to see what's actually trending to the top. And if I look at this each day, I'm not saying any of this is going to make you money, but it's like m it's a multiplier, right? It's not me just looking at this stuff. It's everybody's. So, I don't know. I I'll stay locked with Solana because there's nothing more fun than that, dude. There's nothing more fun than soul season. I'm sorry. I optimize for fun. I'm going to start all these over. These are multiple bots here I have running and incubating and I'm starting them over because I've jumped off the VV a couple times here. Jumped on and then jumped off. I need to go claim a bunch of cash here on the these Polymarket bots, but again, I got to jump back on the VV to do that. So, I'll go ahead and do that after this so they can keep going. But yeah, dude. I think we finished this. Let's see. This timed out because I broke it. So, let's go ahead and run it back. This is our scanner setting up for tomorrow's breakout bots that I want to build. Today, I wanted to build this stat R bot. And I feel like we have [ __ ] is you can see break up 7-day new high RLC plus 27 ZRO this one asked her break down. Okay, so there's all types of ideas I can pull from here. Glad you're here. Much love to you. I'm glad you're locked today because I'm locked every single day. And I'm down to show you everything. Python still revolves in base. You need the full path. What the hell are you? What? What am I even doing, dude? I don't even know what I'm doing here. So, just got to cook it. Python run it. So I run these no market bots from this Python environment, the Tflow environment. So they should work. Um, it seems like now that we're combining the Hyperlquid and the Poly Market that they're breaking, please fix. Hi, I entered a bit late due to work. Can I get the API key? You can. A lot late, but not a Definitely not a bit. Definitely not a bit, but welcome. Definitely far far from a bit. Actually, this is a bit close to the end. But you made it. You made it. You made it. Let me see if I can answer any questions here. Uh, I'm just going to be debugging this here. So, I'm going to get it fixed and running here. Um, this here, the scanner is ready for tomorrow's spots. Break down. Okay, these are breakdowns. Break out, break up, and then how is this doing? Zero if you're trying the hyperlquid back fill. Okay. I need a little more information here on these HIP3s to be real with you. Can you add a little bit more information here when you see the um the HIP3s using the back fill? Like I don't know what it's doing from here. Is it analyzing? Did it see nothing? You know, poly balance. Let's lock in. Bro, this isn't a hard problem. Go ahead and iterate till it's fixed. Okay, perfect. So, now this is going to give us a little bit more information. And this is the breakouts. Who are the people that post studies to the quant elite? What's their research process? Their research process is my research process. I hire those people. They're on my team. They are quants that are going through this. They're going through papers across the internet, going through videos and coming up with trading strategies from those and writing them nice and concisely for me. But I believe CO is great equalizer. So I share them with you, anybody that is willing to dive in if you truly want bots trading for you for the rest of your life and not have to worry about the ins and outs. This channel here are strategies broken down from PhD papers, YouTube videos, podcasts. I hired these quants to do that for me. And then they take it to the next level and they post code based off of these strategies that they write and give to you so you can automate your trading. They give them to you and I. I just have them put it in a public forum for us. So, I don't know. Just sometime some days you wake up and you just don't have any ideas for yourself. So, just jump in here, grab one of these ideas. It's a starting point. Get your brain going. It's kind of like I don't know, sometimes you don't want to go to the gym and all you got to do is go to the gym and you'll start working out. Some days you don't have the inspiration or the idea of a strategy to test out. Okay. Well, here's all of the papers that are hard to read broken into nice short strategies and then those strategies are back tested and there's also like bunch of code I put in here bots and stuff. It's essentially where I drop all my code that in the GitHub. So, let's go see Hyper Liquid Stat ARB Poly Market. Now, it'll work no matter no matter what. Yeah, let's see about that. Dude, this seems like a little uh Miniax problem, dude. Are you Miniax? Are you Miniax? Because you acting like Miniax. [ __ ] bro. Kindly, I ask you to lock in at a high level. What strategies are you currently running? The highest level you're going to get, dog, is watching over my shoulder. Nobody's going to give you a plug-and-play bot. Nobody's going to tell you their edge. This is the high level. You pay five bucks to come see the high level. You want the details? That's something entirely different. Obviously, can't just sit here and teach all day. So, I don't I don't even try. through that video that shows you my system the that I follow in order to come up with profitable trading bots that trade for me 24/7 365 while I sleep. You can see we now have this bot finished here today. So the stat art bot is live. We are good to go. Now I will take some time to answer the chat. I got a lot of work to do today. So, I'm going to stay locked, but let me go ahead and um answer the chat as you guys did find me somehow and you guys are stepping on the gas, dude. So, I love to see it. I love to see it and I'll answer any questions that you have here in the chat. Let me go ahead and scroll up because I know I built >> Imagine you had everything you wanted. Everything. Imagine you were everything you ever wanted to be. Capture that feeling. That's the easiest way to manifest what you want. >> All right, I'm scrolling to the top. 777, good to see you. Kenny Kelly P, good to see you. Amco, throw 777 if you guys are still locked here today. Artell 777, good to see you. Ingrid, scrolling up to the top. Make sure that I answer all questions I do see here. Hi, Mundev. How are you? I'm doing great. Rosas, how are you? Thank you for logging in today. Thank you for dropping that bash script. Ingrid. Uh, you can see here this bot is running fine now because I did add a little bit of cash. Where can I get the API keys? I think I already answered that. LFG777 K A N. Jacob Timmy Pwell, we're locked, dude. Arnold, hi. How you doing, dude? Everybody's got the API key. Good morning, Dev. I'm new to this. How long do we have access to the API? Get to learn to the content uh in the road map. you have 24 hoursish, but sometimes it's longer because I don't come back the next day. Um, I bought the AI master classes going through YouTube. Is there a way to get lifetime API key if I don't want to join the full course? Um, the only way to get the lifetime API key is this. I don't have the time. I'm chasing Jim Simons, the $ 31 billion man. I've got enough profitable bots. I don't need your guys' money. If you want everything I have, including the API key, wondab.comgo, get your trading bots live. At the end of the day, I'm gonna help you get bots live. Even if you don't know how to code, I I'll I'll help you get your bots live. Have live trading bots for the rest of your life that trade without emotion. That's why I teach you in the algo trade camp. The AI master classes shows you how to use AI like I do. Do all the heavy lifting. Solana, you're able to build on Solana. It's important. You got to be able to build for all platforms. You saw me build for Poly Market today. Solana, Hyperliquid. This is just the fast track, dude. You can see what's on here. It's moonv.com/go. 1795, which is a crazy price because this is literally five years of my knowledge and secrets to get you caught up to speed with me as quickly as possible. So, the way I look at it is, is your five years of tinkering worth 1795? Yes. And I've been doing this for 5 years and I've had intelligent engineers telling me where to go and what to do this entire time. I've had people from Jim Simon's firm come in here and give me ideas. Your five years and my five years are not the same. But you have an option to get everything I know here. Short concits videos. And you were just asking about the API key. So I wanted to show you this API key is no joke. $10,000 value for obvious reasons. If you go try to buy the liquidation data from somewhere else, it's going to cost you 900 a month and for 12 days I give you 18 months. Both my GitHubs here, Moonv App Access. You can see what other people have to say. Um, I'm going to be here every single day stepping on the gas, just getting further and further, making more and more separation from everybody else. You can make the decision if you'd like. I got to get back to work. Let me keep answering some questions here. This is cool and I'm excited to get all of all this up and running. He says, "Is my energy better spent inside the course first to get a better understanding of everything or should I be here picking up the latest stuff?" Uh, I would say to answer your question, where should you spend your time? If you are, if your goal is to get live trading bots trading for you 24/7, then definitely spend your time in the course. And if you understand everything that's in the course and all of these mini courses and all the code, if you understand all that, I've gotten a bunch of questions today like, "How do I get caught up to speed?" You'll be caught up to speed with me and then these Zooms will make much more sense. So definitely uh join or if you're not in it already, that's how you get up to speed. And since you are in it already, definitely spend your time on learning and then you can go ahead and then understand what I'm actually doing today. How do I set up everything what I see? Um Arnold asks, "How do I set up everything?" Again, I'll defer to this as I can't teach this every day. I'm chasing Jim Simons, the 31 billion dollar man. You know, this is moonab.com/go here. And you can get caught up to speed with me if you want, but I'm locked every day and I'm just going to get further and further away. If you want to get caught up to speed, that's fine. If not, that's fine as well. There is a 90-day money back guarantee and a couple payment options. You can pay with cash, crypto, credit, etc. If you need to split into two payments, do that. See if there's any other questions here. who are the people that post in the strategy section. Those are my team of quants. You have access to everything now. So now I have this bot running here today and then we also have this here uh this scanner that is kind of teeing off tomorrow. So you can see no signal. Okay, perfect. So it does get the sign signal for HIPP3 and also it gets the signal for crypto. So now I have a scanner that is running 24/7 365 looking for breakouts not only across crypto but across futures stocks etc. That's pretty amazing. And today we built a somewhat of a statistical arbitrage bot. It's going to be longing on one place and shorting on another one. Please, can you reply to my email for the member key? Still be here every day. Yeah, if you're part of the lifetime art, you got the member key. I'll send it to you here soon. I hope it hasn't been too long. We got a team sitting there. I mean, could you tell me actually how long ago you emailed? I just want to make sure that that is not falling too slow. So, how long ago did you shoot us an email? Want to make sure that team is tight. I don't handle it, but I, you know, I obviously oversee the team. So, you can see that this is selling right now, the Solana bot. I think it's important to be able to trade across all markets. That's why you see me building today for Poly Market, Sana Extended, and Hyperlid. This is crazy. Do you share your Poly Market strategies in your full course? in my full course. This is lifetime access to everything and I go over four different Polyarket trading bots here inside of the Poly Market trading course. So everything you've seen me build today is stemmed from what I teach here in the Poly Market Trading Bot course. So there's four full bots and the whole goal here is not to give you a plug-and-play make a million dollars overnight. I think that's stupid. I think it's all fake. If somebody says they're going to give you a plug-and-play, that bot is going to zero because it's just math. Check out something called ask AI about alpha decay. But what I can do is teach you how to build bots with your ideas across all of these platforms. So, Poly Market, Solana, Hyperliquid, Coinbase, Binance, whatever. And then you could go ahead and learn or be able to build anything for the rest of your life. So, it's like the whole premise of give a man a fish, he'll eat for a night or teach a man how to fish, he'll feed his family for the rest of his life. So, if you want live trading bots that run 24/7 like you've seen today, this is the option. Moonab.com/go, that's just answering your question, simul. Um, another question here in the public chat. How many agents do you have? How many is necessary? I have an agent for anything that I need to do that is repetitive. So, today you saw one of my agents pop up here. Here's my guardian agent. It's always looking at my computer in order to see when I'm running out of resources and it saved me at the start of today. We fixed it. Okay. I have other agents running that are listening to my voice and coming up with ideas based off of what I actually do each day. And that's pretty fire. So, what I'm doing and then also I have agents that find good parts of these these uh lives and turn them into short parts because a lot of people ask for short videos. But how can how can I make short videos? I'm Mundev. I build trading bots chasing the same ads Jim Simons used to build a net worth of $31 billion. But I believe code is the great equalizer. And these people figured that out. They're real people, real prophets, hundreds of them. I'm not asking you to trust me. I'm asking you to trust them. mundavv.com/isord. Message anyone. Ask them yourself. Become a friend.