So you can see I'm pretty good at trading bots here on Poly Market. You can see 108% 49% on Elon Markets, 45% 67%. But one of the questions I get most is, hey, can you start building for call sheets? So what I did is I put together uh a full day of trading on Khi and out of that day, multiple hours, I made it super simple for you to start trading on KHI as well. So if you lock in through this short video, I use six clock codes all day. This took me probably 4 to 6 hours and I compacted in just a few minutes. So here in this video I'll show you everything you need to get started trading on call sheet. So I know everybody wants to trade on call sheet. Everybody's seeing my videos. People are taking my videos. My name is Mundave and they're sharing all the poly market results. Um it's interesting to see that everybody's sharing my results and not theirs. But anyways, they're going to keep ripping my videos. So I wanted to show you guys because I'm getting a lot of demand for this. how to build on call sheet. So if you want to build anything on call sheet, you've seen all the results of my poly market stuff. Um I'm absolutely cooking over there. But now it's time to start building for call sheet. So what's the first thing you need to do when you build for call sheet? Let's go ahead and explain it here and also show you. Can you go explain short and concisely what my call call sheet scanner does? Thank you. So, I'll have Claude code go ahead and explain it for you here, but I'll also just go ahead and run it. And this code, I'm going to go ahead and go over as well. I'll go ahead and put it inside the Discord in case you're not inside the Discord. I'll make sure that there's a link for you here at the end. I don't see anything for call sheet. Okay. Well, look at the call sheet folder. Look inside of the call sheet folder and then you'll see it. It's K A L S H I silly girl. But let's go ahead and get the scanner running first off because in order to trade on call sheet, you must be able to get every single trade that's happening, right? Because I want to see only people that are trading big size. And you can see it's scanning here. 843 a whale just came in. Will Belinda Bank hit whatever. Uh and New Mexico at Tulsa winner. Barcelona at Real Madrid winner. So you can see these guys are putting real cash up. These are the This is how I started all of my Poly Market stuff. That's why I want to start this call sheet series with the thing that [snorts] helped me build everything. It's a scanner. It's got to show you exactly what are people buying. If I can see that people are spending 1,000, $3,000, $4,000 on a different market, then that gives me an idea. Just like I've built out my uh tennis bot, just like I built out my Elon bot, just like I built out all of my bots, they all come from this scanner here that I want to get you and explain it to you right now. Essentially what I'm doing is I'm looking at the call sheet API and I'm scanning through all of the trades that are coming in and anything over $1,000 I put here because at the end of the day I can then click these and see what's the actual market here. What's the call sheet market that they're trading? I can see I can see the actual name. More tech layoffs in 2026. It's a little nicer down here. New Mexico at Tulsa Winter. Okay. But I can also open them up. So just open them up into the actual page. And this is how I do discovery. I don't know about you, but I only want to trade markets that are liquid, meaning a lot of people are trading. So in this call sheet scanner, I'm just having it run all day collecting all of the biggest traders, following all the whales. And I'll make sure that all of this code is inside the Discord. But you can see I've only ran it for a few minutes, and I've already found 25 whales. Now, I know it's only $1,000 or more. You can change that to however you want it to be. The longer you run it, the more markets you're going to find that are actually liquid. People are actually trading. And that's the important thing. Like I said, I built an Elon bot. I've built a weather bot. I've built a Twitter bot. Sorry, not a Twitter, a tennis bot. I've built a cricket bot, a baseball bat. All of these ideas come from me just watching this scanner. I've got something similar to this here on my website, mundave.com/polyarket, that just watches all of the polyarket trades come in. You can see that it just sits here and whenever a trade comes in, I see it and I'm able to just pretty much just stock all of the big traders because these give me ideas like, okay, Dota 2, I've started building out an esports bot as well. But [snorts] how did I build these? It's it's simple. I just watch the big trades and the big trades that come through. Okay, that's a highly liquid market. So, what I want to do now is I want to go through all this code so you have something to leave with today. If you want to get started with call sheet, this is the number one thing you have to have. You must have a scanner like this. As you can see, the base URL here is very simple to input. And then you can see the trades endpoint, the market endpoint, the events endpoint. Now, some of this was tricky, so I want you to lock in here and see all of this code. And if you do want to just copy the code, like I said, I'll put it inside the Discord because this is a scanner. This one's not just like running somebody else's bot. I'm not a believer in running somebody else's bot. There's something called Alpha Decay, but I can give you the pieces to a scanner that you can run and then come up with your own ideas based off of it. You know my process of automated trading by now, right? I just explained it. It comes down to coming up with great ideas. Research, back test, and then incubate in the small size. So, Poly Market's a little harder to back test on, but you can still do the research. How am I doing research? I'm watching everybody's big trades. If you're trading something big on Poly Market or call sheet, I see you. That's already an edge. I see every single trade. And a couple of these things, putting the actual link together so it's clickable was a little harder. So check into this build link function here. This is how you actually build a link. The format is callshi.com/markets and then series lowercase and then the title slug and then the event lower. So that's how you build it. And then I also save all the markets to the CSV. So I can let this run for 2, three, four, five, six, seven days and then just come back and see all of the whales that have traded. and that is research that's giving me ideas. So, I'm scrolling through all the codes slowly purposely so you can go ahead and get all this code if you'd like it. I'll also go ahead and put it in the membersonly discord of course by the end of this video and we're almost there. You're going to have a full scanner for KHI and this is step one for building out any bot. And this is legit the exact same thing I did with Poly Market. I ran the scanner. I saw where people are actually trading on Poly Market and then I started building ideas off of it. I showed you some of the results here at the start, but at the end of the day, it comes down to researching great ideas, back testing to see if they actually work in the past. And for Poly Market, really, I'm not back testing much. But for Hyperlid, stocks, futures, forex, back testing is awesome because you have a ton of data. Poly Market's new. There's some things you can back test and I've definitely done back tests with Poly Market, but for Poly Market, it's really come up with great ideas and then incubate with small size. So, you just saw the complete code here of how to get the scanner. Now, if you want me to just post it inside the Discord, I've got this Discord with a bunch of us quants here that are all working together to optimize and help each other out. You can see the members area here. But inside of the quant code, elite code section, I just went ahead and posted something crazy. I posted a poly market trading bot. It's a tennis bot, but I'm just going to keep posting here today. So, I'm going to have this KCI scanner here next. So, I'm going to say K she scanner. Kchi KHI whale scanner. And I'm just going to post this here today. Save it. So, this is the KHCHI whale scanner. So now you not only have it inside of this video, I explain the important things about it, but you also have the code inside of the Discord. Let's see if this page is ready yet. I sent my AI off to do it. mundave.com/ester if you do want to become a member. This should be live by the time you watch this video. But we're going ahead. Let's say this. Let's see if she can figure it out. Done. Created this. Let's go ahead and push it live. you are the server that it's running on. So, just get this live and then anybody who joins can have all that code they just saw. And the thing about this, dude, is I've been here for five years, pushing six years doing this exact process, coming up with ideas and then testing them to see if they worked in the past. And then if they work in the past, I build bots and I incubate them. And I've just been uploading this code week after week for years. And you can see there's three other quants in here with me. And we're all just working together to chase the $ 31 billion man. His name is Jim Simons. But the thing Jim Simons didn't have that we do have is AI. Yes, of course he was using machine learning, but he didn't have six clawed codes sitting there helping him code his ideas out all day long. But you and I do. So, while I'm chasing the $ 31 billion man, I mean, let's be honest, $31 billion is going to be an L. We're in a whole different time. I've got 50 more years of this game. So, I don't need that much money. So, what I do is I just share everything with people that are actually eager to do this. Now, if you're actually eager, go to moonab.com/ester. There's a massive discount going on. It's all purple. I'm going to change all that color. I don't like the purple. So, let's come up with a different Easter color. Drop all purple. But you know where to get everything. Dude, I showed you the call sheet scanner. If you want to cook on Khi, you can do that. If you want to cook on Poly Market, you can do that. We all have expendable income. We all know we have bad habits. If you just cleaned up a couple of those bad habits, we all know that money just continuously replenishes. At the end of the day, you have two options. Say, "Oh, dude, this is cool. I want to get my own coffee sheet and Poly Market bot set up." And then just go do nothing. Or you can just join up right now. Join the Discord and we'll step on the gas