So, Opus 4.7 just was released and I've been building a lot of bots for Poly Market. So, I want to go ahead and apply Opus 4.7 to a new idea I have and I will tell you that idea immediately. So, if you're already an algorithmic trader, you already know how to remove your emotions and automate your trading, then you can go ahead and take the idea and probably beat me to it. Well, maybe not because by the end of this, I'll already have it up. But, at the end of the day, Opus 4.7 is here. And as the models get better, my system should get better. At least the system of me coding new ideas should get better. So, let's just go ahead and test it out. You can see all the benchmarks. It's better and better. The human brain cannot comprehend compound interest or compound intelligence. So, let's go over to the Poly Market bot. My name is Mundav. I believe code is great equalizer. That's the only reason I'm crazy enough to share all this information. I believe if you learn how to code, you won't have to listen to anybody for the rest of your life. You can just build the ideas that you want to build. So, I'll show you everything here, even if I leak ads. And the idea that I have today is this one. Look at mundab.com/doccks. Here you can see that we get Polymarket whales. So what I want you to do is I want you to go ahead and first off make a file that spits out all of the Polyarket whales based off the Mundev API/docs. And from there I'm going to go ahead and sort them out. I want you then go ahead and build. So, first build that, print out the path to that so I can run it on a different terminal and I'll start then sorting through those whales. Make sure that printout has the full link to their poly market so I can click them. And then while I'm looking through them, I want you to go ahead and build a bot out that essentially is like our stink bid bots. We have stink bid bots for the no markets, for tennis, etc., etc. I want you to use the same type of methodology there where it's like, okay, the variable says4 30%. So that means we're bidding at 30%. Now, what you're going to do is you're going to have room for a list, a list of these wallets to track, these whales to track. The reason I want you to run that script first is because on the right side, I'm going to run this terminal and I'm going to go through those whales by hand and filter some of them out. I don't want to follow all of them. I'll give you the final list here that you can add to that bot that you're building. And essentially, it's going to look at all of their new positions. No, no, no, no. This is different actually. It's going to look at all of their current positions. It's going to look at their current positions, and that's where we're going to pick from. We'll just use um $5 size for now. If I give you 10 wallets back, 10 whales back, those are are our positions we will take, but we're going to sit there on the bid of whatever side that they picked, but at x% discount. So, we're stink bidding Wales at the end of the day. Okay, thank you. Go ahead and send me back that scanner first and then I'll go ahead and um run it and I'll send you back the actual wallets to use. But for now, I'll just pick five of them randomly and then I'll uh Yeah, go ahead. Thanks. All right. Cloud 4.7, can you cook based off of that ramble jamble amble? We'll see. We'll see. We'll see. We'll see. That's the idea that I had today. Um that's what I wanted to do. That's what I wanted to do. But then I had to go ahead and test 4.7. Oh, and then I became the wolf of zero DTE. And then I I'm up 200% on my zero DTE this morning. That was crazy. So then I had to look into the public API again because they said they were going to have a rebate for that. I don't know. I just come here and I code everything. I share everything because I believe code is a great equalizer and you guys are way smarter than me. So every time I share an idea with you, it seems that I get two, three ideas back. So that's a fair trade to me. I was scared of learning how to code. I really was. I spent 10 years in tech scared having to hire people. I spent hundreds of thousands of dollars if not millions off Upwork paying developers to build apps and whatnot. I bought a course when I was a kid that showed me how to build apps using Upwork and I ran it up. I bought that guy's knowledge because he knew something I didn't know. I took a risk, yes, but then I made it happen off of his knowledge. I built my own systems and what it taught me after 10 plus years. Well, if I get into an industry like algorithmic trading where everything is so secretive, I must learn how to code. Number one, because there's going to be too many iterations in order to pay somebody on Upwork. You think a iPhone app has a lot of iterations? Yeah, there's going to be more iterations here with algorithmic trading. If you want to remove the most dangerous thing in your trading, which is emotions, well, it's going to be hard work. Jim Simons ran up a net worth of $31 billion, though. And I've heard about the 4-minute mile. You know, that was physically impossible before, but then somebody did it and then 15 other people did it in the next two weeks. Now you got high schoolers doing it. You can do anything. I see another man do something, I can do it, too. I locked in a few years ago, learned how to code by hand. I was crushing by hand. And then they dropped Chachi PT on your head. Boom. Oh, now he's just an AI coder. I got called that for two, three years. Same guys, those Gil foils, they're like, "You know of Cloud Co? You heard of it? It's sick. Now we're on Opus 4.7 and it's going to be 4.8 soon. 4.9 then five then six. I'm just curious to see if this thesis plays out. If I keep giving you guys absolutely everything I know about automated trading and how to go from emotional hand trader to fully automated trader that's not dealing with any in-game emotions. If I share everything with you, can I catch up to Jim? I believe code is a great equalizer. This is what got me to finally code. Again, I spent so much money on developers. Now, anybody can code with their voice. I'm using Whisper Flow here just to talk to Claw Opus 4.7. Please slow down. I can't keep up. I just got that in the chat. I'm sorry if you can't keep up. You must lock in now because I must speak fast. I must go faster. I'm chasing Jim Simons. $31 billion. I can't go slower. They say Mundabad, please take a break. Slow down. No way. Why? Because 4.8's going to be out next. Then 4.9 and then five. Scanner looks great. 6,2 6,525 whales coming through. So, I do have that scanner. It looks like she's done with that. So, let me go ahead and run it myself. Okay. How can we get there? She's building out the bot now. So, this is fire. Opus 4.7. Okay. So, this is the trading bot GitHub here. Okay. This is the Poly Market stuff up here. Okay. Where'd you go, girl? Oh, I got the Yellow dot up there. Yes. Nice. I got the yellow dot up there. This is a app that I built in order to essentially fix the problem I had before. Context switching is hard when you're running multiple cloud codes. So, you actually get this when you come to the Zoom. If you want to come to the Zoom, there's a link there. It's five bucks though, so might be too much. So, you can see the scanner script here. Let's see if we can find it. So, here's the GitHub. Okay. So, see if we can find this. Where do you think she put it? There's so many files here. Can you tell I'm a vibe coder? Yes. Anybody can code now. That's why they gave me so much trash, bro. Ideas guy. The idea guys are going to win. Sorry. Sorry, dude. So, hyper. Okay. Polyhyper whale scanner. I don't know why you put it there, but okay. Whale scanner. So, we got the whale scanner now. Copy path. And then let's go here to uh Poly Market Trading Bots. Yes. And she's done with the uh stink bid bot as well. So sick, dude. That was fast. Python. Now I just need to pick some whales. So calling the APIMDv in order to get it profile here. This guy's up 300. Okay. So I need to filter this better. Let's go ahead and filter these out. So only people that are up at least 10,000. put a variable up top inside of the scanner so I can go ahead and mess with that. I don't know what was going on there. Oh, I hit that button on accident. That was kind of fire though. So, you can see I got all of the whales on Poly Market. There's 6,000 of them. How did I get it? I used my API, dude. Mundave.com/doccks. You can read about it. It's a hyperlquid data layer. But since I'm cooking on Poly Market, everything that I have, I want to give to you because I believe code is a great equalizer. I believe if you just start prompting and having AI code for you, you can cook whatever you want. And the thing is is the idea guy is going to win from here on out. From here on out. It has to be an ambitious idea guy though. You actually have to do the work. But the work is with your pinky now. Pink is the pinky. The pinky, dude. I just used my pinky. Call the API. Mundave. Okay, beautiful. Now there's 652. Beautiful. Let's go ahead and keep ramping it up. Well, I can probably do this by hand now. Let's go find it. Okay. So, Poly Market Hyper. Okay. And then it was called Whale Scanner here. Okay. And then you can see this is the actual code for the whale scanner. Let me go ahead and make sure you have access to that actually. So, you'll have to pause the video. I I don't have time to go super slow. I'm not here to make tutorials. I have a boot camp if you want tutorials, but uh just pause this however you need and you can have the Poly Market scanner as well. So, this scans to find all of the whales on Poly Market free on YouTube. Boom. Okay, sweet. Now, we have that. Well, what do I want to change? I want to change this to be more then. Let's go ahead and say 100,000 because this gave me a lot of options here. And maybe we can get it down more. So, let's say whales scanner calling all of them. Okay, now we have 124. Let's go ahead and uh just pick some randoms. How about that? Let's just do a little bit of uh randomness to this. Okay, let's go here and say okay, profile I believe. Okay, sick. So, you can see up one day, one month, one year, Wordle addict. Okay, let's see what you got, gang. Let's see what you got. So, wallet here. Let's just let's just do this, dude. Stop it. This is funny because I'm not a big fan of copy skin uh copy bots, but this is an interesting approach to them. You know, I'm copying, but I'm saying only if I can get an absolute massive deal. New Beginnings. He's down 600 today. See, I'm not going to pick that one. The quant risk is down 13 racks today. I don't like the P&L curve. This is good, dude. This is fire. This is fire. So, profile here. Just picking them almost randomly, but not I mean kind of randomly out of good ones. This guy up 2.9 2.3 but in the last month he's down a 100 racks week a week. Okay, I want to see somebody that's got a true edge. I mean I guess they all technically do but I don't like the draw down. So he's up 150 racks today down up. Let's see here. He got up 1.3 here and now he's he's growing. This is tough. Should I add him? Copy address here. Not my favorite, but I I am being pretty stringent here. So, I'm on 18 now. And let's see here. Week, month. See, I like this. This is a nice one here. That's what I like to see, buddy. Boy, what are you doing? By the way, we can do a whole new segment on that. That's the thing. There's unlimited to cook with. As long as you have the energy, dude. How do you get the energy? You sleep well. You eat good. You work out, bro. I got the weights right next to me. I got the ankle weights on me. Gosh, dude. I want to get 10 of these. I want to get 10 of these wallets in here. So, 21 21. One day. Oh, I'm just going to get you out of here. I don't want my monthly to look like that. And let's see if this even works. Again, I'm always researching and back testing or incubating. 21,000 down 110,000. I mean, it looks pretty good. Looks pretty good. I'm tempted, but I'm not going to because we have unlimited here. 22 22 22. The month looks good. The week looks good as well. Let's see what the all looks like. Oh, that was him. Haha, silly guy. 23 here. Weekly, daily. Looks good. Weekly, monthly. Okay, this is straight alpha for you, dude. Take a screenshot if you want. You don't have to, but these are the wallets that you get access to. When you jumped in the Zoom call, I told you. I I told you, dude. They said they said I'm not going to make it. I said, "Okay, well, I'll do it on my own and I'll invite a few people to the Zoom. If you want to get in the Zoom, get in the Zoom. I get you a bunch of bonuses as well, like the API key. 19,000 today. 70,000. 180,000. All right, let's just go ahead and start with these. 246. Nah, let's get 10. Let's keep pushing. Let's keep pushing. Let's get 10. No, let's get seven. Let's get seven because I want to I want to keep this pushing. So, I'm going to find one more. 777 for the culture. See, this is a good one as well. Straight up, dude. Straight up. He's going his account is going straight up. And I could go deeper on to what their actual strategies are and reverse engineer them, but for now, let's go ahead and start with these first seven. Make sure that the outputs of the prints for the bot are nice and fun. There better be term color in there. I want it to be fun, dude. Make sure it's fun like the other ones. Okay, thank you. Much love to you. Send me the Python file when we're done. Dude, make sure this is for the OG account, but make sure that it's set up so I can go ahead and make a new version for the other accounts. Make sure the infrastructure is set up just like that. So, if I wanted to change it to April 7th, I could. It's the OG account for now. Thank you, dude. Okay, dude. This is fire. This is time for you to rebuild, not rebuild the bot, but make the updates to the bot. I've already filtered out. I got the seven that I want, and those are the only ones we're going to follow. Thank you, dude. All right. This is fire, dude. This is fire. This is fire. This is fire. This is fire. Where is the API key? I dropped the API key in the chat multiple times throughout the day. Multiple times throughout the day. multiple times throughout the day. I just dropped the API key in the chat. Here you go. Much love to you. Thanks for coming through. So, you can see she's cooking now. By the end of this, I will have my stink bid copybot set up. Updating the bot with your seven whales. Fun output and clean account switch block. Beautiful. It's exactly what I need. I've given you the idea. I've given you some whale addresses. You know, you can jump into the Zoom at any time before the end of the Zoom or just come to tomorrow's Zoom. I don't care. I'm stepping on the gas chasing Jim Simons. Jim did not have Opus 4.7. Jim did not have Poly Market. There's new opportunities. And Jim also told me there's always new anomalies happening. So, if there's new anomalies in the old Boomer market, he didn't have zero DTE either. Holy moly, dude. I'm just so grateful to be here. Much love to you. 777. You can do anything in this world that anybody else can do. And remember the 4-minute mile cuz nobody could do that either. Now you got high school cats doing that. Just lock in. Close your eyes. Maybe 10 minutes, 15 minutes, 20 minutes a day. Think about what you really want. Get all the noise up out of there. Your friends, your family. Don't listen to them. Listen to you. This is your life. You could die tomorrow, dude. And you all know that. We've all lost ones unexpectedly. So, let's lock in. Let's just cook. Just cook. Let's cook every day. Every day. I'm here every single day. Every single day. You probably see me here on the YouTube every time you log on because I love this, dude. Have fun and you'll never be done. Optimize for fun. Optimize for fun. And they just make like I woke up this morning and boom, opens 4.7. Go have fun. Yesterday or two days ago, I was like, "Let me get every single whale on Poly Market and put it on the API." Boom. Go have fun. But you're on 4.6 though. Actually, yesterday I had to use chat or I had to use GPT 5.4. So, optimize for fun, baby. Optimize for fun. We got mad wallets here. I should keep going through them. Yes. Hey, not anymore. What the hell? How did you even get on my thing? Okay, so here's the file. Perfect. Let's go ahead and see if it cooks. Um, I'm going to put in another one because that's actually kind of useful. Python. Run it. Whale. Stinkbot. Scanning the whales. Skinning the whales. Whale six. Whale seven. Oh, and it's not going to be able to put the orders in for the same reason that you can't put the orders in the United States of America. We did it though.
