So, my buddy Art just dropped this GitHub here that it has actual good use cases for OpenClaw. Now, everybody else is just doing slop with OpenClaw. Like, go get me a bunch of articles so I could create some more article slop. It's like, okay, that's cool. I arguably have the best two use cases with that Tik Tok scroller finding the social ar you know, finding trends before Wall Street does or your competitors do. I see a lot of ecom guys like, "Damn, that's pretty good for finding new products." A lot of Wall Street guys like, "Damn, that's really good for essentially fighting sibles of companies before they before Wall Street knows." So, that Tik Tok one is pretty fire. You can check it out in my other videos, but essentially, Open Claw will just sit here all day and go through Tik Tok and figure out what what's trending, what's not. Now, I do have my OpenClaw running right now. I have my Quant app here. I'm trying to get her set up on a Quant app, but I want to spend a little bit of time brainstorming with you because, like I said, OpenClaw is sick, but the I use cases right now aren't very good. I like the Tik Tok one. I like the Twitter one. I like the one that I set up for uh managing DMs. I like the one that I set up for seeing business opportunities. Okay. So, I have some good use cases, but I haven't seen many people drop anything that just just a me. So, what I want to do here is I want to go ahead and grab these use cases here that he just dropped and then I'm going to send it into my uh I'mma send it here. I'm going to say something like this. Hey, so here are all the awesome Open Claw use cases. Can you go ahead and give me your top five when it as it pertains to this GitHub? You know, our GitHub that we're working in right now. I want you to look at their best ones and then I want you to pick the the three best, but I want three agents to do it. I want three agents to all go and find the three best use cases from this awesome OpenClaw GitHub. And based off of those ideas, I want you to come back with three ideas that fit this exact GitHub. You see what I'm saying? So take their ideas and make them fit our GitHub. And yeah, I think that's going to be super far. Yo, Art, is this your GitHub, bro? I think this is Art's GitHub. I think Art just dropped an ad. I think he just dropped an ad. But Jane and Art, you slide. Is this your GitHub, dude? I'm about to spam it. I'm about to spam it. Anyways, I just sent it to all of them so they could go research your GitHub. Oh, he forked it maybe. I don't know. Yeah. Yeah, he forked it from this. Okay, I got it. I got it. So, let's go through this and see if we can find some good ideas. I have all of my agents. I have three AIS. three AI agents going per cloud instance you see here. So I've got multiple clouds. I got six clouds going and I'm trying to give OpenCloud access to this. But I've got three agents per GitHub and these are real GitHubs that I use like back test like my brain like Polymarket Trading Bots like Solana copy bots like Mundave AI agents like Mundave trading bots. I I told him to do three separate agents with three ideas based off of these ideas that we're going to go through now because at the end of the day, OpenC Claw is powerful. It is. It can use your computer. That is powerful. But right now, me working with Claude on a six agent basis like this all across all my projects, for me, that's a better use of my credits. I don't know about you, but for me, because I'm the one with the ideas. Now, obviously, I'm going to come up with an idea that can absolutely print and then I'll set it up on Open Claw. But until like now, I have a couple good ideas with the the Tik Tok finding social AR trends and use managing doing like CRM type stuff. I got that, but I need better. I need better in order to allocate my credits from me as an engineer as a data dog over to openclaw. I hope that makes sense. Solving the bottleneck of openclaw adapt adaptation but finding ways to improve your life. Okay, so we got daily Reddit digest. Okay, so again slop but this could be good. Digest all of Reddit and then you come back. Daily YouTube digest, get daily summaries of new videos. Okay. So, I'm just like organizing a bunch of content and either creating your own the the content for you to read or to give ideas if you're a content creator. That angle is fire. I like it and that's what Clawbot's good at right now. Get quantitative analysis of your X account. Again, I've I've done these with the YouTube and the X. scroll through. Being able to scroll through social media and get the data or the signal there, whether it's for trading or your e-commerce business. Okay, that's fire. I like that of open claw. Let's see. Creativity and building overnight mini app. Wake up to a fresh micro app idea. Yeah, I guess. But I can I can step on the gas and build six apps in the time OpenCloud does, but I can do it with actual ideas that might work. You see where my gripe is? It's not a gripe. It's just like you need to actually take shots that are going to hit, not just random slot. YouTube content pipeline automate video ideas scouting. Like this is a good one if you're a YouTuber, but not many people are YouTubers. Infrastructure and DevOps N. Okay, that could be cool. So, it orchestrates your NAN for you. I've never used N, but I know a lot of people do. Self-healing home server. run an always on infrastructure agent with SSH access. See, this is actually really good. I was building out uh something to watch the Mundev API mundev.com. You can see here has a lot. It's the hyperlquid data layer plus its own AI. And anybody that comes to the zooms, they're just five bucks. If you come, I give you a API key. Um if this is way in the future, that might not be true anymore. I just want to give as much as possible right now. I believe code is a great equalizer. Anyways, having an open claw that has SSH access to this node and can auto fix things. That's fire. I like that. So, good, good, good, good. Self-healing home server productivity here. Autonomous project management. Coordinate multi- aent projects using state.yaml. Sub aents work in parallel with orchestrator overhead. Okay. Multi-channel AI customer service. Yeah, that's a good one, too. So, I feel like right now the easy things to think about are like the marketing and the customer support and those are the things that they can do or OpenClaw can do pretty well, but I really want to push this to the limits. Like, I want to get my Open Claw using this same system here. I want her coding all day. You can see that she went through some ideas as well. So, let me go ahead and go through those next. I just want to do a little brainstorming session because this is where the alpha's at, dude. It's all about researching. It's coming up with ideas. Anybody can build anything now, right? You could build anything with AI. Okay, me too. But can you actually bring good idea or you just going to waste your day setting up open claw local so it can do slop? I don't know. Uh, phone based personal assistant access your AI agent via phone calls. Okay, that's cool. What's she doing though? Inbox declutter summarize newsletters. Okay, that's that's pretty fire. I like that. Personal CRM. Automatically discover and track contacts from your email and calendar. Where's the money though? Show me the money. I guess this stuff makes you more organized. Okay. Health and symptom tracker. Track your food intake and symptoms. Okay. Could be cool. Multi-channel personal assistant. Okay. I like this how you can be on Telegram, Slack, email. That's nice. Project state management. Dynamic dashboard. Realtime dashboard with parallel fetching from APIs. To-do list task manager. Maximize agent transparency by syncing reasonings. Family calendar. Okay. Research and learning. AI earnings tracker. Track tech. AI earnings reports with automated previews. >> I was going to make it ain't know how. >> But I knew this world is what you make it. You create your own environment. It all starts with a vision. What you can imagine, you can create. >> Crazy that they don't have the social arbitrage on here that I showed. Um, that should absolutely be on there. Poly market sick. Automated paper trading on prediction markets with back testing strategy analysis and daily performance. Don't know how you're back testing yet, but let's see. This is fire. You know, obviously I think what's fire what's interesting to me. I'm an algo trader. Manually monitoring prediction markets for arbitrage opportunities and executing trades in time is timeconuming and requires constant attention. This workflow automates paper trading on poly market with custom strategies. Monitors market via API. Okay. Execute paper trades. Okay. Uh tracks portfolio performance P&L. Painpoint prediction markets move fast. Manual trading means missing opportunities. What it does? The autopilot continuously scans Poly Market for opportunities. Yeah, I mean this is cool, but we do that already. We already do that with actual bots, and it's just way better latency. You can see that she's still working on on um trying to get set up with the Mundave app. So, I don't know. Building a trading bot that anybody can use, I guess, is the use case here. You don't need to know how to code really, but you're going to get smoked. You're going to get smoked. I have literally 12 Poly Market bots running right here. What do I need Open Claw for? Now, I just feel like I'm gil foil, dude. I feel like I'm fading new technology, but I'm really not. I'm really locked, dude. I'm really using this every single day. I'm really looking for that use case. I want a use case that just takes my $200 clog code and goes makes $20,000 off of it. Because if that's the case, then guess what? I'll I'll run up a thousand claw code accounts and have her run all day long. So, I think these are some good ideas, but now I want to look at the ideas that come from my actual code plus that article. Okay, so why these three? Let's say let's say this just make it a little quicker here. If you had to pick just one, what is the number one? and then explain it in two to three sentences. And then I have this little satellite to send it to all of them. I'm just trying to automate the pro, not automate the process, but trying to lock myself in further, right? So, I want to be really really uh I want to be using as much AI as possible because it's so easy to build these days. It just comes down to the idea and your persistence and how much energy you have. I have a lot of energy, but that energy sometimes gets me over onto all of these other tabs and doing weird things. So, so if she had to pick one, trade decision audit trail plus regime awareness. Right now, the bot is a black box. It trades but never records why. So, you can never learn from wins or losses. Okay, that's uh not an open claw. That's just something I need to put into there through CSVs or databases. Okay. Event driven state engine, no contest. Right now, your 48 agents are basically strangers running in a 15-minute loop with no way to talk to each other. A shared state file lets them coordinate in real time while or real time. Whale agent spot a move. Risk agent and trading agent reacts in seconds instead of waiting for the next loop. Turning a collection of independent scripts into one unified trading brain. Okay, that could be cool. The AI trading desk here. So it automates well that's the same thing. This is the same GitHub but this is a different idea. It automates your entire RBI plat pipeline. Remember that's research back test and the implement end to end. Research scout finds ideas. A quant agent back tests them using your existing framework. A deployer pushes witters live with $10 position. Okay. See, I think if you're a developer, you see this as like a lot of these ideas, I would rather just run in the terminal because it's 100 times faster and 100 times easier to build. So, right now, I'm starting to think that OpenClaw is really great for people who don't know how to code, but a lot of these use cases can just be built into terminal. And that's such a gilfoil thing to say, but I'm really really somebody who explores these new technologies. I'm really building here. And I really see the vision. I have on my whiteboard behind me, it says become the best in the world at machine learning so I can have 1 million kn. I know that's big-headed to say you want a million years. But I think we all want a million of us working all day, whatever your craft is, right? So I've had that on my whiteboard for multiple years. That's why I learned how to code. I mean, that's why I learned machine learning first. I had to learn how to code to automate my trading, but obviously the machine learning route was the most interesting to me. But now it's like uh LLMs, we can piece these together and I can kind of build a million me right now. So, I am a believer in autonomous autonomous things like open claw. So, I just want to make that clear like I'm not a hater here. I'm just being a realist. Like, I'm testing this every single day looking for something that could per me $20,000 off the 200 or even $210 off the 200 cloud subscription because if you can make $210 back from a $200 thing, I'm an algo trader, dude. That's an arbitrage. I attack arbitragees every single time I see them. So, you can see this other idea. It directly attacks all three of your current priorities in one shot. So, the hyperlquid back test autopilot, that's kind of what I was going towards today with the open claw using the Mundev app because I think it would be cool to be able to automate the entire back test process. But again, dude, again, I literally have that automated. I literally have that automated. Can you give me the full path link to the RBI PP multi? I literally already have that automated. So, a lot of these ideas that I'm reading or seeing, I'm just like, why wouldn't you just run the Python script for that, you know, cuz I can go here and I could say, hey, new tab. Okay, let's say T for TFlow, bro. And then Python, run it. Geez, can't run it because it's all weird and clog code, but paste it in here. Okay, let's say run it, dude. Python, run it. And then I have multiple agents that will back test for me. So her literal idea of what to do with Open Claw, I've already got done in the terminal. It just cooks. It just finds new back tests. It just cooks all day. I just nudge her off with a couple ideas. And watch, watch, watch. See, I'll go ahead and give her a couple ideas. Let's say code dot. And now maybe open clock could be this part. give her ideas. But um nah, I don't think I don't think that's the way because I already have a way to give my text file new ideas if I want to give them new ideas. So you can see here, dude, a lot of the use cases and I challenge you. I challenge you, let's let's build something here on OpenClaw that is not doable in the terminal. You can see I already have something that will back test for me 24/7. So that was her best idea out of my brain. Like come on gang, lock in. I know how to code. I believe code is a great equalizer because I could build all of this stuff. So trading swarm coordinator here, no question. All three agents independently ranked as number one because it's the only idea that has multiple values of everything you've already built. Instead of three bots trading blind to each other, they share signals and stack conviction. So wind whales, mean reversion, end spread. But again, this is combining three signals. Like I do that at the terminal. I really challenge you. I hope you build something fire with open claw. I will be testing it every single day. You know that I'm so bullish on it, but I'm just more bullish on myself using the AI Opus 4.6. I'm not just going to burn credits to burn credits. Once I find that use case that can literally print out at least $210 of my $200 Claw Code subscription, okay, I'm going to have that run at a scale of a million. Like, duh. But until then, I am more profitable with me pushing the way. So, I'm just going to have these six clock codes cook it for me all