So, at the end of the day, this is Hyperlid's revenue, and they are making a ton of money. Unfortunately, they're spending a lot of that money just to buy back their token that they created from thin air. I think that would be a better use to buy actual, you know, other killer apps because at the end of the day, they have the killer app that is Hyperlid. Um, I love the ambition with the HIPP3, but I was thinking about it and, [music] you know, they have 10, 11 employees, some some small, right? they are in a much better position than a mega corp right now to benefit from the AI efficiency wave. What do I mean by that? Well, at the end of the day, if for example, like I know I am a 100xdev now with AI, it's obviously probably not 100x, but let's say I'm 10x better as a developer with AI. Okay, great. Well, you apply that to accountants. You apply that to biz devs. You account apply that to sales people. You apply that to obviously developers. You apply it to, you know, Amazon's been doing that on their floor for a long time. The AI efficiency is going to be hitting hard here. We're going to be able to get a lot of output from a little people. If you're Amazon, you have to try to go ahead and start firing people, and that's sketch. You're not going to be able to do that. But Hyperlid's in a unique position where they're getting mad revenue. could see they were making up up to a hundred million dollars here um in monthly revenue on August 2025. [music] They're in this unique position where they could actually become the house of finance. They could, but they got to stop burning their cash on on just buying back the Ponzi burn the cash on buying assets like your asset. The asset is hyperlquid. That's how Amazon grows. That's how Google grew. You know, AdSense, that was a buy. That was a purchase. YouTube, their biggest business, that was a purchase. So, I think that's how they should allocate their cash because they're in a very unique position to be one of the biggest companies in the world right now. And they're going to be able to capitalize the most off of the AI efficiency because they don't have to fire 50,000 people. They can just have their 10 11 people they have become 50,000 people with AI. It's crazy. So you can see the bare case for Hyperlquid is it's just like directly correlated crypto crypto is cooked right now. A bunch of incels still here. That's about it. And >> [music] >> um yeah, it's that's the downside is if crypto goes down, Hyperlid's going to go down. But as long as they keep building and they never stop building, they're going to be good. I just hope they they bring on an acquisition strategy to find more killer apps. I like that they're trying to uh launch HIP3, etc., etc. They're builders building, but start using that cash to buy. I think that's better. I know it's like, let's let's pump the token or whatever with the buybacks, and everybody loves that, but buybacks don't really work in bare markets. So, save your cash. I want to look into this because I'm very interested in this. Amazon has 1.5 million employees, so I was way off. I said 30,000 to 300,000. Wow. What do I know? So, this is very interesting because I was trying to compare Hyperlquid to Amazon because if they're really going to be the house of finance, that means they're they're trying to do an Amazon player, right? The house of the internet is Amazon. So, uh let me break down the key takeaways since you touched on a lot of important threads. The revenue story is insane. Hyperl closed 2025 with 844 million in revenue from trading activities and 2.95 trillion in total volume. They went roughly from 2.4 million in fees in October 24 to 86 million in protocol revenue in July 25 alone. The August surged to 105 million. Q4 normalized down to 65 to 72 million as volume cooled. That's still a billion dollar annualized run rate from 11 people. The 11 person efficiency is unmatched. Hyperl generates $102 million per employee with just 11 team members surpassing Tether at 93 million. Only fans at 37 million, Nvidia at 3.6, Apple at 2.4. This is the most capital efficient company on Earth by this metric. Amazon's problem, your AI thesis. Amazon has 1.5 million employees as of December 2025. That's 143,000x the headcount of Hyperlid. Even their corporate staff alone is 350 to 370,000 people. You're right. If AI enables 1 to 1,000 productivity multipliers, the mega corpse have an enormous restructuring problem. Union contracts, warehouse workers, logistic chains. You can't just fire 99.9% of people overnight. Hyperlid has zero of that baggage. They're already operating at a theoretical efficiency ceiling. Your Mega Corp thesis. This is the real alpha. You nailed it. Hyperlid has a killer app, which is the exchange. The revenue, which is 850 m, and a lean team. If they took even half the revenue and started acquiring complimentary businesses, a custody solution, a fiat on-ramp, a lending protocol, an institutional prime brokerage, they could build a financial conglomerate with maybe 50 to 100 people total. The problem, as you said, is they're playing plowing 97% of their fees in the hype buybacks. That's great for token price in the short term, but it's it's it's Ponzi adjacent capital allocation when you could be building a moat. Build the moat, dude. Build the moat. Look at the revenue, dude. 2024, 3 million, 2 million, 1 million. Okay, this is an anomaly thus far. 2025. Please, please, please build a moat with this cash. you 10xed over one month and it's all just being burned. It's just being burned because the I this is the sad truth is if Hyperliquid doesn't like if this doesn't work out, dude, you're just burning cash to buy back a token that going to zero. I'm not saying it's going to zero. Obviously, I'm a big believer. I built Hyperlquid data layer here, moon.com/doccks. Big believer, but I'm also a trader. So, I know things your your beliefs can be wrong. I just hate to see almost a billion dollar burn a billion dollars burned and it hasn't worked. So, sometimes we just have to pivot, right? It hasn't worked because if you look at the mechanism behind buying back your tokens, it's obviously trying to increase price, but the price is the same as last year. So, I don't know. You could have spent a billion dollars to you probably could have bought pump fund or poly market. I don't know. Bought a percentage in anthropic. Sheesh. Starting November 29, 2025, approximately 230 million Hype tokens will be released over 24 months, representing roughly 500 million per month in supply pressure. And if crypto enters a prolonged bare market, volume evaporates, and that 844 million in revenue could easily drop to 200 or 300 million. They're 100% correlated to crypto market activity. There's no hedging that the spreadsheet has all of the monthly estimates, yada yada. I don't know, dude. I think they're smart and they will eventually pivot some of the this, maybe not all of it, some of it into continuing to build out a moat because they have the killer app in crypto. They have that But there are other things that if they truly want to be the house of finance, they can just start buying. Buy this, buy that. Take some bets. Take some bets instead of [music] just buying back the token. I think it's clear that doesn't