So, every trader goes through the same trials and tribulations. You want to long right here and then you want to short right here and you get wrecked either way. Your emotions are in control, but they're something that we can't get away from, you know? We've had these same emotions to run away from lions and bears. Your grandparents, grandparents, grandparents. These are good things. They keep you keep you alive, but as Tesla is driving itself and so does airplanes, they drive they fly themselves and pilots simply do not do the actual flying. I'm going to show you here today step-by-step how to remove your emotions and get a trading bot live. We have AI now, so you can use Claude code to do this. I actually just saw my friend who's a PhD and I'm so far from a PhD, but he said he's a coder PhD as well and he said, "Yeah, I'm using AI to code." And he's actually just using IntelliSense, meaning it just finishes the coding for him. You have Claude code and I want to show you how to set up Claude code first and then I'm going to give you the full step-by-step roadmap here and walk you through it. So, you can actually build your own trading bots with Claude code, but I think the most important thing here is get Claude code installed because okay, "Can you build me a trading bot that uses the VWAP and make it in Python?" We know she can do this here, but there's a lot of iteration. I've been here for years using AI. I actually used to get made fun of for using AI as a coder and now everybody's using AI. So, I'm going to show you how to leapfrog that PhD friend I have who is a coder who's not even using AI correctly. Let's do that first and then I'm going to walk you through this roadmap that gives you every single step of the way in order to actually automate your trading. So, two things we're going to complete in the next few minutes if you just log in, hit like, subscribe, all that good stuff. Okay, so first things first, type into Google install Claude code. Quick start install Claude code. This will essentially allow you to have the AI code for you all day. You can see she can code inside of the the browser version, but it's much better this way. If you have Mac, you'll copy this ugly line, and don't worry, I was scared of learning how to code, too. You actually don't even need to know how to code anymore. That's the craziest thing. If you have Mac, you'll copy this line. If you have Windows PowerShell If you have Windows, you'll copy this line here, or if you're using PowerShell, you'll copy this one. So, let's copy this line, and if you're on Mac or Windows, type in terminal. Okay? Terminal will open up this scary scary black thing, but don't worry, this is the only hard part about this, and it's not even hard. You just go ahead and copy that where it says curl something something something Chinese stuff. Copy this, and then paste it in there, and then install it. Then just Once you install it, all you have to do is type in Claude, and then it will run it. It will run Claude code, and you'll connect it to your Claude account. You can see she can code, and you can copy-paste like this, but this is a much more advanced way to do it, and you can see the next step after this is you'll have multiple Claude code codes going at the same time if you catch up to me. So, I'll get you caught up to speed in this roadmap, but look at this, dude. I use multiple Claude codes at the same time. I use six Claude codes at the same time. At least six. So, you can see here, I've got a bunch of browsers open as well, but I've got all of my Claude codes here. After you do those steps, rewind if you need to. After you do those steps, you're going to have this interface here, and then you can say, "Hey, build me a trading bot." And you can essentially have them do anything, but I'm going to make this even better. So, not only are you are to see exactly the road map right now. You can actually go ahead and take these screenshots to screenshot the parts that you think are interesting and you'll be able to go ahead and send them into your Claude code because now you have leapfrogged a PhD coder. I swear, dude. He's literally a PhD developer. Crazy that he's not using Claude code. So, this is early. You always think you're too late. You're not too late. You're right on time. So, let's go through this road map. Now, the first thing in the road map are a bunch of videos. I've been here for 5 years showing absolutely everything. So, you can go ahead and see these videos here. I'll open them all up so you can have access to them. Well, I'll just give you this. You can Google or YouTube this how to code in 2026 for regular people if you want to see that. How to build a trading bot, generate 90 plus strategies. You can see the titles here. So, just search them on YouTube when you're done. How to actually build a trading bot. These are essentially going through the videos that I've created in the past that are the best ones that will walk you through the process. Advanced futures trading strategies. So, a bunch of strategies that you can get started with. My process I follow to get to the top tier of trading comes down [clears throat] to research, backtest, and then incubate. You can go ahead and Google or YouTube how to actually use AI for trading. These are deeper videos, but then we also have a Discord and anybody can go to our Discord. It's moondev.com/discord. A bunch of frequently asked questions and you can ask your other questions here. But, let's go through some of the top questions because I want to get you fully on board here so you can automate your trading. What is the best coding language for algo trading? It's Python. And let me tell you why. Let me tell you why it's Python. Everybody's trying to figure it out and essentially people are trying to give themselves excuses not to do this. It doesn't matter what language you know because you probably don't know any. Claude code knows every single language and they can guide you. I recommend Python. Where to learn algo trading? I have a YouTube channel, you can just go watch that. Uh do you prefer trading crypto? I think it's best to start with crypto because it's easiest to set things up. How do you run your bots 24/7? I put them on Visual or not in Visual Studio Code, I use Cherry Servers, but it's a it's just a VPS, so you can just Google VPS and you can run your bots 24/7 in the cloud. Why don't you believe in hand trading? I'm just too emotional for it and our emotions are here to keep us safe. You can't just stop being human. And your surgeon, they also if they were emotional, you would not hire them, right? The people that are flying flights, they don't sit there and just go start flying 200 people. No, they go through simulators. How do you start this journey? You can just start now. I just showed you how to set up Claude Code and you can ask these questions along with these questions I have and just send them into Claude Code if you want to go ahead and expand on anything. What strategy do you suggest? I suggest the RBI formula and I'll show you that here in a second. There's a bunch of questions and answers. If you come to the private stream tomorrow, I'll have a private Zoom call. I'll just give you this road map. Can you build a bot for me? I can show you how to build everything it takes to build any bot you want to build, right? So, it comes down to your strategy and your edge. Why do I teach algo trading? Because I believe AI is the great equalizer. I used to say I believe code is a great equalizer, but you just saw how to set up Claude Code, so now anybody can code. Now, this is the the framework that I follow and this is real alpha here. So, if you want to go ahead and screenshot this, screenshot it and then bring it into your Claude Code. It's really cool because now you can see this. Go ahead and explain the RBI system to me and how this keeps me from running unprofitable trading strategies and only running bots that are actually profitable. Thank you. So, I just sent him a screenshot here of my road map and you can take a screenshot whenever you want, but the process of automating your trading starts with research of trading strategies. So, you're finding ideas, right? This might be an edge that works. Then you backtest those strategies to see if they actually work. Backtesting is getting data from the past and applying it to that strategy. And the cool thing is is you can say something like this. Remember you have Claude code up here. Hey, can you go ahead and backtest a strategy for me in my backtesting folder? Go ahead and use the VWAP and a volume spike in order to backtest it. You use five different agents in order to test different ideas around this and just send me back the final stats. So, when I got started, it used to take me 8 hours to run one backtest. You saw that I just said, "Hey, start with five agents." You can see here she went ahead and expanded on the road map that I gave you. RBI equals research, backtest, and then incubate. This is your discipline filter. It exists so you never deploy capital on gut feeling. And that's what we're doing trading by hand. It's gut feeling. So, now you know, you find ideas, you backtest those ideas to see if they actually work in the past, and if they work in the past, they might work in the future. So, you incubate them with small size. I'm here to get you from zero to one. If you do not know how to have trading bots run for you 24/7, I know you're losing money if you're trading. I know it. So, I can help you stop losing money because if you take me up on this short video here today and say, "Hey, I'm going to automate a trader now." you literally become more profitable today. If you've lost 10,000 in the last month, 100,000, a million in the last month, dude, well, you stop trading that way, you're automatically more profitable. You just have to shift. So, now you know my framework, research, backtest, and then incubate. Okay, now here's you're going to have to screenshot these cuz there's so many ideas here. I've been here for 5 years. Here's a bunch of ideas you can just screenshot. Again, research is the first part. So, screenshot some of these and these are ideas to get you started. I'll just go through some of them. Obviously, there's hundreds of them here on the road map. These are ideas I've pulled from books, from papers, etc. I want to keep this short and sweet. So, I can't show you all of them now, but like I said, if you come to the private zoom tomorrow, you can have this as well, the road map. It's at mondav.com/roadmap. Anyways, these are books that I highly recommend reading. These are books that I read in order to come up with a ton of ideas and really set me off on this journey. Trading books, of course. Uh Market Wizards, you must read all of those. That's important. Chat with Traders, you must listen to all of those. Okay, perfect. Now you got some technical books and your mind is the real power here. So, if you don't believe that you can do something, you're not going to be able to do it, dude. So, let's get it. Okay, let's see what else. We have a backtest here that is complete. That's from one of my agents. She just popped up on me. You can see I have five different agents. And that's why it's so important that you rewind this video and you get Cloud Code set up. Because, okay, I showed you you can do this to build a bot on the web interface, but you can't have five agents run at the same time. So, that's the big difference there. And that's why I think it's so, so important that you take me up on installing Cloud Code and getting used to it. Now, where do you get the data from? Look, another backtest here. Final 74%, peak was 110%. Where do you get the data from? Well, I actually have a bunch of data on the road map, as well. You can use that, but again, this is only for people that come tomorrow. Then I got a bunch of code from videos. So, if you want to get into HIP 3 stuff, Poly Market stuff, 5 Minute stuff, Poly Market scanners, Callsheet scanners. Uh you can see reviews and testimonials, but now you know everything I know about how to get your trading bots live using Cloud Code, and you can start right now. So, good luck. Have fun.