The Poly Market bot that I built here today is trying to enter a position right here, but it is not able to enter because it doesn't have any money in it. So, I have to go make sure to I only have $4 left in my account in my Polyari account. So, I got to claim the 116. You can see some of these wins here. 186% 170% 3345% 241% 186% 117% 113%. These are from bots that I've built here live on YouTube for free. Uh, as always, I believe code is a great equalizer. So, let's claim this and then we'll be all claimed up in order to have this bot be able to uh actually buy it shares and then I'll explain this bot to you and walk you through some of the ideas and then get you access to the code and all that good stuff. You can see available 120 now. So, I'm Mundave. I build trading bots chasing the same industry Jim Simons ran up a net worth of $31 billion in. But I believe code is the great equalizer. And these are real people, real profits, hundreds of them. Not asking you to trust me, asking you to trust them. mundave.com/isord. Message anyone. Ask them. Become friends. I was using cloud code all day to build this out. And the idea here is to be a little bit of statistical arbitrage. So I called it a mouthful just because I think it's funny to do that. So it's called this um liquidation stink bids on Poly Market hedged on Hyperlid. And that's not even that wasn't even funny. That wasn't even the one, dude. I don't know where it went, but I chopped it up with AI and built out this bot that essentially longs one side and shorts the other, but not at a fair 50/50 value, or else it wouldn't work. I'm using liquidation data. So, I'm watching live liquidations. Um, as I can see everybody's positions, which is nice. Here you can see everybody's positions on, for example, this guy's going to get liquidated 1.3% 2.2%. While I'm not using that here in this bot, I'm using the actual liquidations. So, if you go over to like Coin Glass or something, you can pay like $900 a month and get liquidation data. It's a little expensive, but um I also grab the liquidation data here in my API. So, mundab.com/doccks. I have this API that gets all of the liquidation data from all of the different exchanges. So, liquidations, what are liquidations? Liquidations are when somebody is trading with leverage and they get to a point where if you're using 10x leverage and the price moves 10% you lose your money. They take your money from you. They they liquidate you. Okay. So the premise behind this bot is a liquidation momentum strategy. So for example if right here let's go to like a 15minute chart here. Let's say there's a ton of liquidations right here. There's $25,000 in liquidations that happen, right? Then this strategy would be a momentum play saying, "Hey, if one person got liquidated, there may be more liquidations to come." So on Poly Market, it's taking one of those fiveminute markets here. And let's see, it's going to go ahead and buy or sell based off of that five minute market. So let me go ahead and reset this so it's all live here. Um, but on the five-minute mark, I'm trying to see if I can find one. Here we go. So, you can see this is a five minute market and every five minutes it you have to bet up or down. So, my thesis in this code that I prepared today and built and I'm I'll be showing you giving you access to all that is simply, hey, if there's a $25,000 liquidation going to a short liquidation, there's going to be more momentum here. So, take the up. And the same thing except the inverse for down. Take the down if there's a bunch of long liquidations. In my case, it's 25,000. But again, I'm just testing ideas. So, it's not necessarily right or wrong. You have to test your own ideas. And the process I follow, I actually give you in this road map. It's moonad.com/roadmap. It's the process of automated trading. A lot of people like think this is just too hard for them or whatever. It comes down to three simple steps. And you're already a researcher. you're here on YouTube, dude. So, the process of automating your trading starts with research. Research of trading strategies. Maybe you're a hand trader right now. If you're looking into automated trading, you're already on the R. Research, research, research. Okay? You find a bunch of ideas and then you back test those ideas to see if they actually work in the past. So, you get open, high, low, close volume data, which is data from the past. For example, you can scroll down here and just get all the open, high, low, close volume data that you need here. Crypto data. You can get time frame of five minutes for the last 100 weeks if you want to just download that data. Okay, now you have the data from the past and since you have the data from the past and the idea well then you back test it. Back test back testing just allows you to see if that strategy actually works. So where do you find strategies? Google Scholar is a good place. Google Scholar has papers for days. You can go to Google Scholar here and these are PhDs that write papers about trading strategies. You can type in trading trading strategies etc. and just start reading. Pull ideas and one one sentence from one paper can change your world because it all comes down to finding great ideas from Google Scholar, books, podcast, YouTube. I have a book list here if you do want to see how to generate strategies. You have a bunch of strategies from my iPhone. I just take notes all the time and then I throw them up here. But these books provided a lot of these strategies. Market wizards. There's three to four. You must read those chat with traders podcast. You must listen to those. You got to get your mind right as well. So I put a whole book list together here for you. But um back to the RBI. So you have a ton of ideas and you back test those ideas. If they work in the past, then you incubate them in the future. Build a bot that trades small size. Don't don't blow your whole stack on your first bot because just because they worked in the past doesn't mean it's going to work in the future. And a lot of people that are showing you trading view back tests are going to try to say, you know, you're going to be a millionaire based off of this. But it's at the end of the day, it has to also work in the future. So today I deployed a bot with small size $15 on one side doing that liquidation strategy I was talking about. Okay, so people get liquidated here. You can see people on oil are getting liquidated on the long side. So the idea here would be, okay, if these couple people got liquidated, there might be some more. So I'm taking that position short on poly market on poly market and remember poly market is here on the fiveminute markets. This is interesting because this is a new market that we've never seen before. So if this was oil we saw those oil liquidations. This would be taking a short on oil. Now there's a whole another piece to this bot because I know I'm a trader and I know I'm I'm wrong as much as I'm right if not more. Well, the fact is that, okay, so if this idea is entirely wrong, am I just going to lose money? No. Because there's a second side to this bot. If you go to the article I wrote about this bot here, where is it? Um, here it is. You're going to see if you type in Hyperlquid. Yes, Hyperlid's in here as well. All I've talked about thus far is Poly Market. Well, what it does here is it takes the other side on Hyperlid. So I import hyperlquid here you can see and essentially I take the other side on hyperlquid and I'm not taking one to one. So it's not like 100 and 100 it's going to be more like 100 because on poly market cuz I think it's going this way but then 80 on the other side. You see what I'm saying? So it's not 100 but it is hedge. So I think this is a pretty pretty interesting idea. That being said it is just an idea and everybody has their own ideas. This is the game. I I spend all day coming up with ideas and then testing them out. [snorts] You can see here there are some errors I got to fix. This is on the API. So, let me just go ahead and fix that real quick. I wonder Oh, no. It's fine. It's fine. It's just going to hiccup every once in a while. You can see it's getting the liquidation data. So, there's 800,000 in or 747,000 in liquidations on the short side, zero on the long side, and it's doing it correctly every couple seconds. And it's going to hiccup every once in a while. And that should be fine. You can see it's back to normal. Okay, so it gets the poly market 5 minute. And a lot of people struggle with getting that actual market, right? Because it changes every 5 minutes. So all you have to do is predict what this means. Like what is this 17732358800 mean? That's the time and the date. So just predict it and you can make your own links. A lot of people ask, "Moon, how do you even find the five minute market?" That's how I do it, dude. That's how I do it. So, I'll make sure that I've already put this on the road map here. So, the code from videos. And if you scroll down, I've done this a few times. Type code below if you want me to keep dropping the code like this inside of these articles like this. I'll scroll through the article right here real quick. If you don't want to join the Zoom, I have a Zoom pretty much every day here, mundave.com. And in that Zoom, we you can chat with me, ask questions, see what I'm building in the day, and you get a bunch of bonuses when you join. So, you can join this if you'd like. Uh the road map comes with it, the API for a day, and my AI and my app. You get access to that for a full day. So, that road map I was showing you with all this code here. Yeah, just go down to the link in the description and join that if you want that actual code. But I'm also going to scroll through here because guess what? You're watching this on video. You can pause the video and look at literally all the code, all the text and everything. And once I get to the end of this, then you'll have everything that I promised you here at the start. This is an actual liquidation statistical arbitrage bot that I built today. Is it going to work? Is it going to print money? No, dude. You got to put in your own ideas and your own tests. I've been putting the work in. Been here for five plus years sharing absolutely everything because I believe code is the great equalizer. If you want this code, just go ahead and jump into the Zoom for tomorrow and I'll send you the whole road map. I'll also send you the API key. I'll also send you my AI. I'll also send you my Mundev app. But most importantly, you're going to get access to the Zoom call. It's a private Zoom. Me and a bunch of other quantitative traders. Every single day, we lock in and we work together to chase Jim Simons. That's the $ 31 billion man. You can see this is a lot, but you can have it all here. Just hit pause, screenshot, whatever you need to do. You can send this to AI. Just remember, it's not a plugandplay, but it is a fascinating idea. Trading liquidations has proven for me to be good when I look at back tests and forward tests. I'm Mundev. I build trading bots chasing the same edge Jim Simons used to build a net worth of $31 billion. But I believe code is the great equalizer. And these people figured that out. They're real people, real prophets, hundreds of them. I'm not asking you to trust me. I'm asking you to trust them. mundavv.com/isord. Message anyone. Ask them yourself. Become a friend. That being said, you don't fully know all of my ideas, so make sure to come up with your own ideas. While I will show you all my code, I do hope that you go ahead and truly put in your own ideas because I just built this here today. I did this on Zoom in the stream. This is the type of thing you're going to see me build. So, if you want to dive into the weeds that definitely jump in to the Zoom call tomorrow and if you have questions about this, you can ask me about it. But all of this is in the road map and that link is in the description to get the Zoom and the road map. I believe code is a great equalizer. I know nobody else is sharing this information. So, I just thought, hey, why wouldn't I just share it all for free here on the internet and see see what we can build? And we've built a fascinating community of people that are diligently striving after Jim Simons building their own systems. And it's pretty cool to see that I was able to take so many people from [snorts] hand trader, emotional trader to fully automated trader. So, if you want to be next, make sure to lock in, sub, do what you need to