These Cloud Code Poly Market bots for the weather markets are actually very interesting and I'm going to show you absolutely everything here. You can see a claim here. Um, plus 80%. So, not as big as the wins on the 5minute markets. Plus 82% plus 82% plus 52% 57%. So, the 5minute markets obviously have bigger wins here, but um, consistency is pretty good so far on the, uh, weather markets. Now, I'm not your goat. I'm nobody special. I just test ideas every single day and then uh people steal my videos and say they're me. But my name is Mundev. I believe co is a great equalizer. I will show you absolutely everything you need to know here in this video. If you do lock in, hit the sub, hit the like, and all that good stuff. I just need to claim in order for me to keep going and I'll just keep going showing you absolutely everything. I'm Mundave. I build trading bots chasing the same industry Jim Simons ran up a net worth of $31 billion in. But I believe code is the great equalizer. And these are real people, real prophets, hundreds of them. Not asking you to trust me. Asking you to trust them. mundav.com/isord. Message anyone. Ask them. Become friends. So, this is pretty interesting. If you're looking to trade on Poly Market, uh the weather markets, uh the first thing you're going to need to do is be able to get the weather right. So there's all types of algorithms here that you can build uh for these weather markets. They're pretty interesting. What are the high What's the highest? It's going to be in Wellington. Who knows where that is? Shenzen, China, Atlanta. What's the highest weather? It's very interesting market because it's every day. So I'm looking for more markets that are every day. You know, the 5minute BTC markets. Everybody wants to trade those. That's okay. Go ahead and do that. Um I'm looking for rapidness like that, but maybe a little slower, a little slower on the daily. Anyways, in order to trade these markets, the first thing I had to build was a scanner in order to see every single temperature across the entire world or all their markets, right? So, I actually have an agent going, a sub aent down in the bottom left that's going to get you all of this code by the end of the video. It's going to put it on a nice article format. I'll show you how to do that, but I'll also walk you through the code here today. I built this scanner, and by the end, if you stick around, you will have this full scanner yourself. So you can see for example Wellington it shows that it uh the market volume is 98,000 uh the bucket is 16° you know there's multiple buckets here when you're trading on poly market weather the forecast versus the market favorite you can see it's one one Celsius off you can see this one's a line this one has a 3 Celsius edge that's in Shanghai soul now it really depends on your algorithm and your idea here but in order to do anything, build any weather bot, you're going to need this. So, let me get it to you. It pretty much finds all tomorrow's highest temperatures in any city market that is on Poly Market. Uh, it pulls the real forecast. Now, Open Medio, if you're already a dev and you just want to know what library I'm using, it's Open Medio. It's a free API. No keys needed. So, that's pretty important. It pulls all 51 weather models here. Um, or it's an ensemble of forecasts. It's 51 me weather models to come up with this number. Now, that's a lot of things that you can alter. I'm not sure if you can see each one of the models, but maybe rank cities by 24-hour volume, and it compares the favored, meaning the most bet on on Poly Market versus the actual um forecast. Now, there's just so many ideas you can build off this, but again, this is the first thing you're going to need. So, let me just jump into the code and kind of show you around. Like I said, you can see in the bottom left, I have my agent here that is working on getting this onto my website, so it's a little easier to get. But for now, just lock in here cuz I do give the road map only to people that come to the Zoom calls just to verify that you're actually a human being and you're actually stepping on the gas. It's five bucks, but you know, five bucks isn't going to change my life or your life. It will probably more likely change your life if you see what I show you each day. That being said, let's scroll through the code for those that don't want to join the Zoom. You can see I'm importing requests here. A little bit of math. I refresh every 30 minutes. Now, that can be changed. I look at the top 10 countdown interval here. Just some parameters up here. Now, this is interesting. Uh it's a little faster if you hardcode the actual coordinates for each city opposed to calling calling them. So, here's all of the coordinates. This would um take a little bit of time, but again, I want to just give you the full idea cuz at this point, we're all using AI, right? I mean, I know there's some gil foils out there that don't want to give it up, but for the most part, we're all using AI. So, you can see here some display changes for the names. Pretty easy to do. And then I like to make sure that my code is fun to look at. So, you can see here, you're going to have all this. You're going to have all the city rankings by 24-hour volume. I think that's important. Follow the volume. Wise traders have once said, "Okay, follow the volume in a new market, which is a weather market." Okay, cool. But then you're going to want to see deeper. You're going to want to see like, okay, Wellington, again, who the hell knows where that is? But you can see, okay, the forecast pick here, the top volume. So the forecast pick means what the actual forecast is tomorrow. And then top volume is which market had the top volume. You can see 98,000 but the forecast pick only has 3,000. Interesting. Shenzen detailed breakdown. So for each city you also have a detailed breakdown but you may have seen um other one on Twitter or something. You can see soul detailed breakdown. So you're getting all of this right now. It's it's a bit of co code but you can see my sub agent in the bottom left and she should be done by the time I'm done. And then I'm just going to hit end. If you want to come to tomorrow's Zoom, please feel free. You get the replay of yesterday's, you get the replay of tomorrow's. So, you can see I'm getting the slug date. This is important. A lot of people get confused on how to get the slug on Poly Market. So, make sure to keep an eye on that. Scrape Poly Market for tomorrow's temperature slugs. So, you can see every single day the slug will change here. So, we're using some headers here, MacOSS, and we filter for tomorrow only. And then we extract the city out of the slug because we only want to be hitting open Medio with those cities that there's actually available to trade. No need to waste resources. I think there is some sort of rate limit there. So you'll have to look into that. But it's open Medio. Fetch event data here. Parse market data here. Okay. Parse outcomes and the prices because uh in order to take the next step, you're going to need the prices, right? So, I'll give you the scanner and then you can build whatever bot you want. I've already shown you how to build bots over and over and over and over again here for free on YouTube. So, check out those other videos if you want to take this to the next level. Or feel free to jump into the Zoom. I do give you a master class as well of how to build bots. But you can see I'm caching this stuff because I don't need to keep calling it over and over again. I got a bunch of bots at this point running based off of this data. So, this is the most important part. And um if I were to try to explain the an entire bot, it's going to take a while. So maybe piece by piece, but you can see this is the API call here. O API.open Medio. I also show how to build four different Poly Market bots. So it's, you know, that's already there. I just got to get you the good stuff. I got to get you the goods, dude, because the execution, you're going to get bored if you keep just seeing me build bot execution over and over again. This is where all the alpha is. It's in the data where data docks. You can see computing the temperature here. Storing the high, the low, the hourly. We're fetching the ensemble model here from Open Medio. As you can see, again, we're grabbing their ensemble model. There's probably ways to grab their other models as well. That could be something interesting to look into. But part of the reason I share here is because I can't think of everything. So, I'll just share as quickly as I find it and you guys can step on the gas with your brains because I don't have your experiences, your life, and uh like you, you don't have mine. So, I can just be free and share as much as possible and I'll I'll account for the leaked edge in other ways by, hey, maybe I'll go harder than anybody else. Every time you get on to YouTube, I'll be here. Stepping on the gas, chasing Jim Simons. You can see adding some nice fun indicators here. Parsing into buckets here. Parsing temperatures into the buckets because remember on poly market each weather. So don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma which is living with the results of other people's thinking. Don't let the noise of others opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow already know what you truly want to become. Everything else is secondary. Stay hungry. Stay foolish. >> Each weather market has multiple markets within it, right? 15° C, 16° C, yes, no. 17° C, yes, no. So, you're getting all the code here. And like I said, if you want to just grab it, it'll be on the road map here soon, hopefully. I mean, she's deploying, it looks like. So, I'll go ahead and make sure you know where to get that. I mean, there's a link in the description. You know how to use YouTube, whatever. Um, Twitter, whatever. Go to the link. Join the Zoom tomorrow. Uh, if you want the copy paste stuff, can see if the ensemble agrees or disagrees here. And then we look at the full hourly forecast as well. And then we print out the footer. So again we loop through these per city can see calling poly market again and then here is the actual run scan function. So run one full scan find tomorrow's slugs fetch market data. You can see this goes pretty wide here. Lot of color. Lot of color. I like color in my data you know cuz we're looking at data all day. Make it fun. Optimize for fun and you'll never stop. People always ask me, "How do I have so much discipline?" It's It's not really discipline. I'm just working on something really fun. I like money and I like chasing a $ 31 billion man and I like when people tell me I can't do something. Optimize for fun and you'll never be done. That's all of the code. I'll see you in the zoo.