They all took an automated approach because the human emotions are just too strong to trade logically. I was on the couch one night and I came across a Stanford lecture because I'm kind of a nerd, but I couldn't get into Stanford. So, let me watch this. He said, "When you're in emotional state, you literally cannot think logically." And then he says, "Think back to a time that you got in a fight with a friend or a spouse, whatever. You probably said some things that you didn't mean, right? That's because your brain cannot think logically when it's an emotional state. Have you ever said anything in a fight or anything? Throw a yes in the chat that you just didn't mean. You were just in an emotional state. You just didn't mean it and you look back a few hours later. Yes. Yes. Okay. So, I looked that up. I looked it up and I thought I was like, how what like how does that how does that work? If you're in emotional state, you can't think logically. And it has something to do with the amygdala. the triggers with the amydala being closer, your emotional triggers are closer than your logical triggers. So when the em emotional triggers go off, that's getting to your brain faster. It's just a a a length of whatever neurons or whatever the [ __ ] in your brain. And that makes sense, right? Because if it's closer to the place it fires than the logical, if the emotional is closer to the logical, then when your emotional gets set off, then you're going to get those ideas first. And that's why like FOMO is so bad. That's why FOMO is so bad, fear is so bad. That's why trading is so bad because literally the way we are hardwired, emotional triggers get to your brain before logical ones do. And that's what the Stanford professor said. I did my own research to get a little deeper on that because I think it's a fascinating concept. And since you guys just said that you have been in a position where you said something and you didn't mean it, like that's kind of proof, right? Because like for example, like I got in a little argument over text with my mom the other day and I didn't say anything too bad, but I did say things that I I wouldn't say in a logical state. It's just like it happens over and over again. And think about it next time you're like about to say something or you're in a fight or whatever, just like take note to that because this is this guy teaches at Stanford. So he's he's something. He's not he's not just a random dude on the internet. Listen, I know you're not going to give up trading. Me neither. I had to find a different way. And that different way is having bots trade 247 without emotions so I can go live life. I'm not wasting another second at these charts. I'm just not. The exchanges, they're rigged casinos designed to trigger emotion emotions out of you. And if they're designed to trigger emotions, then they know that every single person that is click trading, hand trading, is in an emotional state, because it's impossible not to be in emotional state, right? You're trading with so much size. You're this is your hard-earned money, dude. Of course, you're going to be in an emotional state. And remember, that's closer a closer trigger to their brain than logical. So, you're you're cooked. That's why they they say, "Yeah, go be a hand trader." Oh, yeah. No, you you're not able to be an automated trader. You don't have a science degree. You don't have a master degree, yada ya.