Today I dove deep into Limitless Exchange. Here you can see it here. Okay, it's a new prediction market and I built a arbitrage scanner here so we could see verse Polymarket on the 15 minute ETH markets. This can easily be changed to any other market. I put all of the code in the GitHub. The GitHub is in the description. They got a Telegram in the description as well if you need help as a developer. The second thing I built was essential because this is how I built all of my bots on Polymarket is I built a whale scanner to start and that whale scanner then shows me everybody that's trading big size so I can then go look at the actual markets that they're trading and then go build bots for them. So I show you everything here in this short training. Lock in. You have the GitHub link in the description. The GitHub has those two tools and you're going to see all the due diligence and how to build anything you can imagine here on Limitless Exchange in the next few minutes if you do lock in, subscribe, like, all that good stuff. All right, so today we are going to dive deep into Limitless which is a prediction market on base and I've actually been very interested in checking this out. As you know, I trade a lot on Polymarket and everybody's always asking, "What about arbitrage? What about arbitrage? Kalshi Polymarket." Well, I don't have a Kalshi account and I've been looking at this Limitless Exchange. They were kind enough to reach out to me and offered to sponsor a stream. So thank you to them. As you know, I turn down probably 95% of sponsors simply because I don't want to just show you guys anything. I'm only going to look into things that are actually interesting to me. And as I've been building a lot on Polymarket the one hole in my strategies is I don't have another side. Meaning if I wanted to do some sort of arbitrage, buy one place and sell another, I can't really do that. So when they came to me and offered to sponsor a stream, I said yes. For obvious reasons we're going to absolutely cook today. I'm going to go through their documentation, understand absolutely everything. And if you are looking to build on Limitless as well, they have a Telegram group I'll throw inside of the public chat and private chat. Now. So that's their Telegram here. Um if you are looking to build >> [snorts] >> on prediction markets and I want to dive through their documentation. I want to dive through their markets. And ideally I'll be able to get something set up. As it looks like they have plenty of options here, but I think the first thing we should do is scroll through their markets. Okay, well let's let's actually go back a step further. Let's explain Limitless and let's have AI dive deep. So let's go ahead and first things first a lot of you have this app already. This is my app in order to be able to work with multiple cloud codes at the same time or code access. I'm going to go up here to the plus sign and add enter a new path. I just made a Limitless Prediction Bots GitHub. Adding it here. And what I can do is I just click on it and open it. Boom. Now it's open. So I want to drag it into this one. Okay, beautiful. That looks even better. So then I just do whatever I need to do. These are terminals. I hit Claude and now I'm in Claude on Limitless. Okay? And I've got a bunch of different resources that they gave me that we're going to go through today. So some of these resources are for example, their starter packs, their GitHub, their API documentation. It looks like they have a TypeScript SDK which is nice. They have a Python SDK which is nice. They've got a Go SDK. And then I think they just released a Rust SDK as well. So what I'm going to do is let's start here. So I'm just getting started with a new exchange called Limitless. I've built plenty of Polymarket bots in the past and actually you can go ahead and see my Polymarket bots here. And I want you to go ahead and give me an overview of what is Limitless? What can we trade here? And then look at my Polymarket GitHub and what type of overlap is there? There's a lot of opportunities when trading prediction markets to be on both sides, find mispricings and trade one side on one market and trade the other on the other market for locked in profits. I just have only been trading on Polymarket and I don't have a Kalshi account. So Limitless has been something on my radar for a while. Go ahead and explain it like I'm just getting started with Limitless as I am. And there's a few people watching me that may not even know what Limitless is. So take these documentations I gave you. Build out a bit of a read me to get started with this GitHub. Our plan is to build inside of this GitHub. Check out my Polymarket stuff to see what type of overlap there is. So after explaining, you know, like the what is Limitless and what we can do on it, then you're going to go through my actual bots that I've built thus far, see the overlap there and see if there's any arbitrage opportunities. And then build out a read me. Make sure that this is all set up in order for us to start cooking. All right, thank you. Thank you, bye. Thank you, bye. Okay, let's go ahead here and go to the Polymarket trading bots. Uh this is open in a new tab here. Um should I slide her up here? Let's go ahead and PWD this so I get the actual path because PWD prints working directory. Okay? And now we should have a nice overview to come back to because while she's doing that, I want to go ahead and get to their API documentation here. So let's copy this. I'm going to go here, hit command O, open up the documentation here. API Limitless Exchange here. Beautiful. I think before we go through the exchange though, I want to like take a brief walk around what markets they have because I can kind of come up with ideas as well. So this is their API. We have access to that now. Beautiful. We got Claude exploring for us. Let's go ahead and open a new tab here. Keep an eye on her. Let's say Limitless. Exchange. As with anything, I have to do my own research and I can't give you financial advice. All I can say is do your own research as well. Limitless Exchange crypto. I'm not a big link clicker. I like to go to Google. Make sure I'm not clicking on an ad here with these new exchanges. I know for like Hyperliquid, there would be a bunch of ads at the top that would be fake Hyperliquids. So my recommendation, although I'm not a financial advisor is make sure to never click an ad. And please do read this NFA here as this is not financial advice from me nor Limitless. Take a minute, pause the video, understand all of this. And then we'll get into the actual exchange because, you know, I've been the one cooking. So I can tell you a lot more than AI can when it comes to Polymarket. Maybe not, but I will be able to see any overlap and opportunities immediately. Okay, so I haven't even signed up yet, but I do have some cash in my wallet. Now one thing to be aware of from the start is this is on base network. So base is the chain created by Coinbase. It's pretty cool because I'm I know it's fast transactions. So Okay, so first off they have crypto markets. Let's see. See what type of markets they have here. So up down April 28th, so today. They've got the 15 minute duration. That's interesting. I'm going to write some notes here. I've got uh a note sheet here with all of the documentations. But now I want to go ahead and kind of make an idea list. This is my first day as well on Limitless, but I've of course I've been hearing about it and of course I've been looking for that [snorts] second leg. I did sign up for Kalshi, but I actually did not get approved yet. So let's go ahead and see here if we can cook on Limitless. Let's say ideas here. They do have the 15 minute markets. 15 minute markets. Are there arbitrage ops here? I mean, cuz we know Polymarket has the 15-minute markets. Let's just briefly look into that. Um maybe I can pull up the Polymarket to be next to this. That would be far. Let's see if I can pull that off. Command O for another one. Let me get another one. Okay, let's go to Polymarket here. And let's go to the crypto. Let's go to the 15-minute. They don't have the 5-minute yet. Sure they will. Actually, I'm not sure they will, but we'll see. Anytime I uh bring on a new exchange, this is exactly what I do. I go through the front end, then I go through the back end. It's so so important to do your due diligence, come up with ideas, and this is if you've been following me for a long time, you know my process is research, backtest, and then incubate. So, today we're going to be doing a lot of research on the resources that we do have. Like I said, we have a bunch of GitHubs, we got a couple SDKs, and these ideas will just continue to flow. And ideally by the end of today, I have a list of ideas that I can start building on. I believe code is a great equalizer, that's why I show every single idea, every single due diligence, every single research, every single buy, everything I do, I do it live with you. So, much love to you. 777. Let's go look at this Ethereum to start. So, 15-minute 15:30, so this is ending in 5 minutes. So, the up here Yeah, these are definitely different prices. 2273, okay, so they're definitely different prices. So, there's a the first mispricing we found. You can see yes is 6968. Yes is 4138. Okay, so immediately we found an arb immediately. That is fire. Cool. That was easy. Can you execute fast enough is the question. Well, one is on Polygon and one is on Base, both very fast chains. I'm going to say there is there is an arbitrage on the two on the 15-minute markets. For ETH, the question is can you be quick enough? But, if you think about it, that's there's other ways to to do this without speed. So, 82 cents, 79 cents. 26 cents, 22 cents. Okay, let's go ahead and check out another one because maybe that's just uh for Ethereum. Let's look at the BTC, which should be more efficient, I would say, but who knows? Who knows? We'll see. Just got to test these things out. Everybody else is going to yap about it. I'm just going to try it. 27 cents no versus 30 cents no. Yeah, so this is there are mispricings here, but this is a fast market. It's a fast market, so >> [snorts] >> Okay, so that's that's idea number one. First and foremost, we got that. Crypto, there are mispricings. Okay? Now, sports, I'm sure there's a ton of sports here that are mispriced. So, let's go to football. Paris Saint Okay, there's no misprice there. This is perfect pricing. Wednesday Atletico 33 versus 38. So, it's looks like pretty good pricing here on sports. You can dive deeper if you'd like. I want to get through all of these because I've got a lot of due diligence to do and a lot of research here to get done. E-sports, okay. E-sports here. Let's go to Dota 2. Okay, so it's awesome to see the inventory they have. Team links Here we go. versus South. Okay, this is already over pretty much. Extreme I feel like I could build some sort of tool for this. So, we know that they have e-sports, FIFA World Cup, uh finance could be interesting. >> [snorts] >> Politics Okay, so there might be some mispricings here. That's just the first thing that I'm looking at. But, it doesn't necessarily mean that's where your edge is going to come from. For me, that's just what I was attracted to bringing on another exchange is hey, that's pretty easy to do. But, I'm curious to see what Cloud has to say. Okay, so we got politics as well, which is which is fire. Let's go ahead and just see if there's a mispricing in Republican presidential nominee. I doubt it because it's such a highly traded thing, politics. Republican presidential nominee 2028. 50 or 23 cents for JD. Holy hell, you do. I tripping? Am I tripping or you tripping? Let's go ahead and see Republican. Republican Republican JD Vance is at 47%. Um excuse me. Low volume. That's what it is. So, there's low volume on this. You can see the spread is ask 47, but the bids are 0.1 cents. So, that's good we figured that out. Um This spread looks really nice. I mean, the look, 47 here, 38 here. That looks really nice, but then you look deeper and the volume is very low. Let's check out the crypto volume here. Let's go back to the 15. Engine 13 minutes. So, on the books, there's 350, 270, 440, so pretty thin volume, I'd say. Um uh I think this must be a bug here that says zero USDC volume. Let's look at their trending. So, a lot of sports a lot of sports, a lot of sports. Soul here above I think this volume thing must be broken here. Vol USDC So, that's one thing to note, you know, there maybe there maybe um maybe some arb ops with lower size. Let me go ahead and get the keys into the chat again because I know so there's been some new peoples coming through. Much love to you. 777. >> I want to dive in to see what Cloud has to say. Now, we've done a little bit of uh look around the market. We see what possibilities there are. Now, I need to get into the documentation. So, thank you for that. Let's go ahead and keep them down here. And figure out what's going on right here. So, what is Limitless? It's a binary prediction market on base. So, that's Coinbase's L2. USDC collateral collateralized. Everything equals a dollar. Yes plus no, just like Polymarket. Hourly plus daily nonstop crypto markets BTC, ETH, SOL, up or down. This is the big differentiator versus Polymarket. Every hour, a fresh market opens and closes. Runs both AMM and that's that's not correct, but you know, Polymarket has that as well. Runs AMM and CLOB. Orders are GTC, FAK, or fill or kill. Maker rebates paid daily in USDC. That's interesting. I wonder what their rebates are. We'll see that in the documentation segment. You need a base wallet. So, that was fairly easy for me to set up. I haven't used base for anything really. And all I did was I sent in some like two bucks of Ethereum on base from Coinbase. And then I sent 500 from um Robinhood, but from wherever you want. You just have to pick the base network. Pretty easy. Runs both AMM and CLOB. Orders at GTC, okay. So, simple authorization here. Need the base wallet to sign the CLOB orders. They have a Python SDK, a TypeScript, a Go. And they just mentioned they have a Rust as well. And a live MCP server we can wire into CLOB. US users are blocked. Same as Polymarket. Polymarket overlap your existing arsenal. The hourly BTC up down market on Limitless maps directly to your poly hyper 5-minute stock. Specifically, these port over nearly one-to-one. The MACD bots, your 60% win rate one to the hourly cadence. The lick snake plus capitulation reversal V5 especially force expiry is perfect. CVD divergence, mean reversion, spread MM, copy bots, Opus 5-minute minute squad. I feel like this I've got an idea for this already. So, yeah, I've got a couple ideas to build already. Um we'll see if I can get to them today. But um I still off obviously I got a lot I got a lot to go through before I build anything. And this is how I approach any any new market because it's very very important. Cuz this is how you find edge. I haven't even gotten into the documentation yet. There's a lot of people out there that will use trading bots and build trading bots and never even read the documentation, but there's quirks in every single platform's documentation that can lead to edge and at the minimum great ideas. So, I've got my first idea here. Uh so, I want to build a All right, cool cool cool. So, Limitless is crypto heavy right now. I'd be curious to see if we can go ahead and get the Limitless Limitless exchange volumes. Dune. Oh, actually I want to see uh Limitless exchange. Let's see this. These are their volumes here. TVL is um I don't know, 43,000. Monthly, daily, weekly. Okay, it looks like it's growing. That's good. That's good news. DEX volume here. Let's keep going through here. Files dropped in the repo or uh readme, full overview overlap, our playbook, build order. Let's see what you can get. Are you able to start getting market data for those 15-minute markets here without API credentials? If so, just go ahead and build a uh a looping script that is always refreshing with the actual bid and ask of their 15-minute Ethereum market. Think that's where I want to start. So, as the bid ask change, I believe they have a web socket. We should be able to have this um script that's running in fun colorful is always showing the bid ask. And then you can compare it you can use the Polymarket web socket as well to compare it against the bid ask on their market. You already know how if you look at those Polymarket bots how to go ahead and um essentially see the bid ask on Polymarket. So, it shouldn't be much harder here on Limitless. All right, so let's go ahead here and I want to get into the documentation a bit because I I there's so much sauce in these docs. Everybody's docs has so much sauce. Nobody wants to read them, but I do. That's also why we were building for hyperliquid when it was just a baby. So, Limitless exchange API. Production ready API for prediction market trading, portfolio management, and market data. Quick start. Choose your preferred programming language for complete end-to-end implementation overview. The Limitless exchange API offers both REST and web socket integration. REST API. Use API key for all programmatic stuffs. Get market data including venue contracts once per market. Order creation. Build and sign using EIP-712. Order submission. Submit signed orders and receive confirmations. Web socket API connection, subscription, events, authentication for API users. So, it's getting deprecated soon. The cookie-based session authentication is deprecated and will be removed within weeks. Okay, so X API. This should be easy. Getting API key. API keys can be created via the Limitless exchange UI. So, log into Limitless using your wallet. >> [snorts] >> Click the profile menu, select API keys, generate a new API key. So, that shouldn't be too hard to do. I'll go ahead and do that in a minute. First, I want to see if I can pull some more secrets from these documentations. Okay, using your API key. Pretty easy. Migration, we're not going to do that cuz we're not even using that. Important venue system CLOB for CLOB. CLOB markets use a venue system where each market is associated with a specific contract address. Okay, required approvals. So, I've got USDC loaded already. Check sum to addresses. All addresses must be checked or use check sum format. So, Python quick start. I'm going to use Python here today. You can use whatever you want to use. REST API ETH accounts, okay. They got Java, Node.js, and then web socket integration, real-time market data, and position updates. I'm curious to see what's in that web socket. So, we got the Python quick start. I'm going to start there and then I'm going to the web socket. I'm going to skip the Java, Node.js, and TypeScript. And they also have a Rust one as well. So, complete authentication, order construction EIP-712, order submission with request library, comprehensive error handling. For the complete Python guide, ensure the file is available in the at the docs scripts samples. Okay, so looks like that's it for the um Look at the web socket web socket real-time integration here. We are supposed to be using the web socket here in the bottom left. Right now, we got CLOB cooking. So, pretty standard JWT session, okay. Public mode, authenticated mode. So, authentication here I'll fly through this because I'm going to let Claude handle all that. I'm going to put it in my .env. I'm going to get grab it after this. So, let's go ahead and look at some of the market stuff. So, browse, search, and analyze prediction markets. I'm curious to see if we need the API key for this or not because if we don't, then Claude should be doing making a pretty good progress here. Browse active markets here retrieves market and groups that are active and not yet resolved. Okay, I want to build that as well. Let's see if I can get that going. Uh build. I want to say a scanner that uh grabs all the traders over 100 size and prints them plus the link to the market out so I can analyze where the big traders are on Limitless. So, these are two essential tools, essentially. I want to be looking for arbitrages on the 15-minute market. So, I'm building that right now. Next, I'm going to build a scanner that finds all of the whales on Limitless. I want to see what they're trading. And that's how I approach Polymarket as well. So, essentially, just rebuilding rebuilding from a position of power though because we already went through all the Polymarket stuff. I've already built for pretty much every single Polymarket market. But new markets mean new opportunities. That's why I'm excited about this. Retrieves market, okay. So, we can paginate through, which is good. Can sort by. Responses here. Browse active markets retrieves markets and groups that are active. Definitely want to use that. Okay, I'm glad we can paginate through. Hopefully, we're able to get all of the trades. That'll be fun. Get active market count per category. Active market count per category in the index. Active market slugs with metadata. That's nice. I know it's a little tricky over on the other side. Get underlying Oracle candlesticks for a market charting. Returns Chainlink candlesticks data for a market configured with Chainlink data streams, chart metadata. This is interesting. Um Uses Chainlink. I think that's just interesting to know. I know there's I know a lot of Chainlink bulls out there, so All right. So, it looks like she's done here. No API credentials needed. Beautiful. Auto discovers the active 15-minute market on Limitless. Auto finds the matching Polymarket with the Gamma API, Limitless web socket, okay. Polymarket web socket, nice. And Polymarket spread is uh way tighter. Key discovery from this build, Limitless explicitly tags these markets as is poly arbitrage true in the API metadata. No way. They know it's a Polymarket arb pair. Same Chainlink resolution, different books, different liquidity. I mean, that's how they're going to draw liquidity to their platform at the end of the day. If there's arbitrages, then they're going to have more traders there. And then it's there's not going to be an arbitrage, but they'll have all the people trading on it. You know? That's how markets work markets work. Let's go ahead and say Python the right way. Python, run it. What the hell is this? Okay, let's go ahead and try that again. Python, run it. Okay, so we did get this error here. So, let's go ahead and fix that. But this is looking pretty good. Please go ahead and fix that little error. Thank you. Let's keep going through these documentations. Get market timeline returns anchor current next batch for market slug. Get market timeline by ticker and duration. Returns past future market slots for a symbol plus frequency combo. Resolve stable slug. Resolves a stable recurring URL slug to the current active market or ladder group. Market data detail or market Get market details. Retrieves market or group data using either an Ethereum address or a slug identifier. Get feed events for market. Retrieves the latest feed events related to a specific market with pagination supported. I haven't seen like a a trade stream yet, but maybe that is coming soon. We'll see. We'll see. I've got a lot more of these docs to go through. Let's go ahead and run this real quick. See if this Gucci yet. Okay, here we go. So, we can see this is automatically updating with the the spreads. You can see Limitless, yes. Limitless, no. For bids. And then the ask. And then you can see Polymarket, yes. Polymarket up versus Polymarket down. Arbitrage edge here. So, this should show when there is an edge. So, I guess their yes is like a up, right? You can see the spread is kind of fat here, 52 versus 12 versus two and 11. All right, this is interesting. I'm going to keep that going, but I've got a lot more I want to build here. Okay, so let's go ahead and keep going through here. I want to see if uh Browse active markets. So, trading, this is How do you get the actual trades in? Get historical prices. This could be interesting. Retrieve a historical data for a specific market. I wonder how much data we can get. Time interval for data points. Let's see here. Limitless exchange. I'd be curious to see if we could get um Let's go to one of these. All right, let's just try something here. I noticed in their documentation, you can see under the Get historical prices under the trading on their API.limitless.exchange documentation. Um I'll link you here to it. But you can see that they have historical data. See if you can get historical data what like how much historical data you can get from this market here. And then just print it out. I want to know the start time, the end time. And then I want to see the tail of it. So, like the last 10 data frames of it. Cuz that could be interesting. I don't think you can get historical data on Polymarket. Okay, let's see. Gucci. And this might be my historical data. It is under trading. Get historical prices though. Retrieve historical price for a specific market with configurable time intervals. That's what it says. I mean, get order book, okay. We already have the order book. We got that successfully. We've got it up here in the little arbitrage scanner. Get locked balance. Get the amount of funds locked in open orders for authenticated user. Then user orders. Get all orders placed by the authenticated user by a or for a specific market partner API tokens. Get all orders placed by authenticated user. I wonder if we can get other people's orders. Probably not. Probably not. That'd be cool though. Get recent events for a specific market including trades, orders, and liquidity changes. So, for that scanner I want to build here by the end of this, I want to see all the whales. I mean, that's how everything for me started with Polymarket. Is I just started watching all the whales and I saw where they're trading and then that gave me mad ideas and every day it's new stuff and then it's like boom, here's new market, here's a new market. So I think that's what I really want to build today cuz then I can keep an eye on Limitless and see if there's new markets coming up and see where people are trading and then I can go ahead and just keep it pushing, dude. You know I don't care what market I trade on. Market's a market. There's an edge if you get it. So create order. So this is how you create the order. So I'm sure okay, fill or kill good to cancel fill and kill. The order status, so we will need that as well. Cancel order. Let's go ahead and see what shorty said about this data here. Endpoint discovered, nice, dude. So you can get historical data. The interval is look back window, not bucket size. I need to put that on the notes because that's big. Uh we can get get historical data on Limitless which is very interesante. Okay, the interval is the look back window, server picks granularity per window. So 1 hour 1 minute buckets, 60 points last 6 hours, 5 minute buckets last day and 15 minute buckets. Okay, we got full lifetime here in 12 hour buckets for your market Democrat presidential nominee 2028 seven outcomes. Newsom don't know her name AOC uh say her name, dude. Start time here, end time. Span 96 days, 13 hours of history, okay. 96 days and 13 hours of history. Two things worth flagging. Newsom PAOC Shapiro and others all show exactly .5 while Baishure and Harris stayed normal. Thank you for looking into this. So could we get like 5 minute data for the lifetime? I don't know if it's necessary, I'm just curious the capabilities cuz I see that the lifetime is what? 194 12 hour data points. Could you do get that same lifetime time span? And what is the start date and day? Okay, thank you. While she's cooking, let's just keep going through these documentations, see if there's anything else here. Cancel order, okay, cancel multiple orders in a batch which is nice, that'll be faster. Cancel all users orders in a specific market. Okay, that's nice. Portfolio position tracking, trade history and performance. Get trades, retrieve all trades executed by the authenticated user. Get positions, retrieve all active positions with P&L calculations and market values. Okay, we need that. Get portfolio P&L chart. Hybrid P&L, realized series plus current total snapshot. Okay. It's good. Get history of trades. Get points breakdown. Get user trading allowance, so USDC for the user redeem resolved positions. Okay, that's nice. Submit on-chain redeem positions transaction for a resolved market. Server managed wallets only. It's a little tricky over there on PM in order to get your uh cashback. Transfer ERC-20 tokens from a managed subaccount to a server wallet. And then public portfolio here. So public portfolio user total volume here. Get all users positions, so we are able to get all of some users positions. Get portfolio P&L public. Hybrid realized series, okay. String, we got to pass in the Ethereum addy. And then models, what are these? All right, so we did our full walk through of the documentations. I've got some ideas and I want to go ahead and finish with one um whale idea here because I think this is interesting. I don't know if we can do it is the thing. I didn't see an activity stream, but I you know, I just quickly went through the documentation. I do want to also pull up these um Python examples here. So Python SDK. So they do have an SDK here that I can look at. So let's go ahead and do that. Paste it in there. Examples would be nice. Okay, so we have authentication, we have create good to cancel, cancel order, create sell, create buy, fill or kill, create sell. Okay, so there's a good amount web socket events here, market pay market pages. Navigation, what is that? Web socket positions. Market pages navigation API, navigation by path. Okay, test it. Short answer, no. 5 minute granularity for the full lifetime isn't directly available, but here's the picture what the API actually allows. The interval parameter is a fixed enum. And the only valid values are 1 hour, 6 hours, 1 day, 1 week, 1 minute and all. I tried interval five and five minute returns 500 undefined. I also tested it from chasing change it to Unix. So pick one, 5 minutes for the last 6 hours? Or 12 hour for a lifetime? I think 12 hour for a lifetime's fine. It allows us to do some sort of backtesting. But I think in these markets it's just tough, you know. Tough to do too much backtesting here, but just in general in prediction markets. There's a separate Oracle candles endpoint. It does support the 1 minute, 5 minute. Okay, I want you to build this out. All right, I want you to look through their documentation that I just sent you and then here's some Python examples as well and this is your job here. I want you to go ahead and build a whale scanner. Essentially, I want to see all trades coming through on Limitless. I don't know where you're going to be able to find that at, the activity, but essentially I need to be able to see all trades that are over $100. So I want a scanner that comes out nice and colorful that prints out the the trade they made, the title of the trade the market and then a link to that market. That's it. And the size, of course, like okay, blah blah blah, it's $500 in this market, etc. Um we have something like that in the Polymarket GitHub I referenced if you need an example of how to do this, but at the end of the day, I need to be searching through and seeing all whales and seeing what markets they are trading. That would be ideal. Go ahead and build this, make it fun. Thank you. All right, let's see if she can do that because that is like the starting place now that I understand how Limitless works. I now got to figure out what other markets I do want to trade now. >> [snorts] >> Arbitrage is tricky but I think there is something interesting with stink bids. On something that's illiquid, well, that's actually good for us. Right? I mean, if there's not a lot of traders, then as long as you're intelligent about how you enter and if you plan on holding until expiry, I think there's something there with stinkies. Now if you've been watching for a while, you know how I approach stink bids. I think it's an interesting interesting strategy with all of these prediction markets because one trader moves the market quite quite a bit. So let's see here. She's looking through the examples here. Look at this. This started to fail up here on our um Polymarket side. It didn't change to the next one. So, we got the Limitless side down, which is good. But, this Polymarket side is on the old one, I believe, because it's showing 99 cents and 0.001. So, building whale scanner here. She's doing a bunch of bash ease. Interesting, she's looking through each market. I wonder if we're going to have to put it together that way. This is exactly what we need. It's already pre-formatted with title USD value. Perfect. Get feed events. That's exactly what we need. Building the scanner now. Thank you. So, let's see. See what we can cook. Let's see. Let's see. In the meantime, I'm going to go fix this, dude, because something happened here. Give an example here. Well, let's also go ahead and say that. Okay. Okay, let's go here to new tab, maybe. Command T. And T-Flow, bro. And then Claude, cuz we don't do anything else. Paste this in here. So, we've got this awesome arbitrage scanner here. And the only problem is is after a while the Polymarket side died. I think it must have gone on to the new 15-minute market. And the Polymarket side did not catch up. So, it looks like the Limitless still shows the data, but the Polymarket side doesn't. Double-check both sides. Okay, thank you. And then update this thing. Okay, sick, dude. I just love AI. Can build anything. The battle is really just finding the edge, finding the idea, and then building it. But, we can all build anything now, so there's no excuses when it comes to getting started anymore. You want to build something, let's build. If not, then keep talking about it on Twitter. Playing the keys in the chat for we got some new people coming in. >> [snorts] >> Wait for condition. Use monitor until loop to wait for a command. Okay. Hit Cloudflare 429. Need to be more polite. Let me restructure to scan only top volume markets with lower concurrency. >> [snorts] >> And she's cooking up here trying to make the fixes to our arbitrage scanner, just so we can see throughout the day >> [snorts] >> what edges appear. Now, refactor main into a discover and seed helper. Let's see if there's any other alpha we can pull from these documentations here. So, we got the Go SDK. The MCP docs might be interesting here. Let's go ahead and look at what they're building on the MCP side. Okay, this is written for an MCP. Nice. Or it is an MCP. It is an MCP. Limitless exchange here. It's written for computers, what I'm trying to say. Okay, let's see what already says. So, example is whale scanner. Let's just get that going. First off, let's see if we can scan. Python, run it. Okay, minimum size of 100. Watching 150 of the 978. Okay, by volume. So, essentially what I'm doing is I'm watching the top volume market. Interesting. So, here's what was wrong. Change up here to script discover markets only once it's startup. So, the once the 15 may expired, then you stopped working. So, we fixed that. That's exactly what we said it was. Okay, so you can see here it pulled all 978 markets. That's the first way we did it is we got all of the markets available. And then we ranked them by 24 hours, and then we took to the 150 top markets. Small markets don't have, you know, big traders, so you can see up here this bid ask 15 minute is working now. You can see this guy just bought here. So, let's go ahead and see. He bought yes. Eight. Buy yes. Be dope if you had the USD amount. Right here it said eight, but it didn't show the USD amount. I think there's a dollar sign there. Maybe it's a formatting thing, but only print out the ones over 100. Thank you. Love a lot, baby. Let's go see where this takes us. Okay, so it's on this market. Looks like they have some rebates as well, which is nice. This is his portfolio. No PNL data yet. Maybe this is my portfolio. Available balance. Let's go ahead and give her this. Here is today's summary. Want to get this updated here. And then you can see here that when I clicked on their portfolio link, it didn't send me to their portfolio. I think it sent it to mine. All right, let's get those two things cooking here. So, we pull each of the feeds of the 150. That's why we hit the um Cloudflare thing. So, we turned it down a bit. But, I think the top 150 of the 900 active markets should be interesting. Smoke test caught 90 whales. Over 100 and then top 50 markets in the last cycle. Top trades right now are clustered in the Korean stock market closing. Interesting. That's the same trader or a copy bot. So, whale tier size. So, we did hit the 429. You can see a bunch of orders just came through, and now it's showing the size. I wonder what was wrong with the first one. Sell no AVAX. Okay, so the AVAX trade, AVAX trade, AVAX, BCH. So, it's a lot of crypto stuff going on. AVAX, AVAX. Okay. So, all crypto. All crypto right now. Both fixed. Threshold leak. Okay. Let's go ahead here and see if this gets us the new thing. And then let's go ahead. Are there any uh Do we have my .env in the get ignore, first off? And then yeah, is there anything that's should be kept private here, or can I make this a public GitHub? Let's go ahead, and I'm just going to pop this open as well and do my own due diligence here. I'll go ahead and release this GitHub so you have access to it. Get add dot. It's not get add dot, bro. It's code dot. I already added it to the GitHub. Geez. >> [laughter] >> Geez. I don't even have I don't even have a ENV in here. Perfect. Read me. Let's go ahead and update the read me. Beautiful. Go ahead and update the read me so it explains the two different tools that we built here today and make this like more of like a onboarding for the limitless exchange as we built out two things that will help any trader >> [snorts] >> code faster for limitless now. We successfully have our limitless versus Polymarket arbitrage scanner and also our whale watcher. These will now be in the public for public good. Much love to you. So just update that read me. Thank you. Let's go ahead and update that read me and then I can just push it to the GitHub. So you'll have everything that you saw today and um so it'll give you a head start if you do want to build on limitless. As always, do your own due diligence, do your own research. I hope today was helpful to understand [snorts] what the platform does. Again, I appreciate limitless for sponsoring this segment and I will only ever do spartner sponsorships with companies that I will actually use or consider using myself. And as I told you at the start today, I've had my eye on a second side to these prediction markets as you know, Polymarket's the obvious leader right now. But in these new smaller nascent markets there's always some edge to be discovered. Is what I showed today going to be plug and play? Of course not. But I hope I just took a few hours of your time and made it much shorter. Cuz now you don't have to fiddle around and figure out how to build a whale scanner. And every single bot I've built on Polymarket has come from my whale scanner just watching the whales see where they're trading. Let's see where they're trading and then see if I can come up with some ideas based off them. Okay, sick. So now we can see this is working. My pleasure. My pleasure. Positions traded volume. So this is this guy's positions. Doesn't look like we get to see his PNL, but that's pretty cool still. We get to see how their positions. See if we can see their PNL. Think that's important. Open leaderboard. Current rank we have is Addy. This is his full Addy here. See if I put it in there what happens. Oh, nope. That's not it. View all results. All right, I think that's what we got for now. I'll go ahead and get all this uploaded on GitHub and um let me go ahead and do that right now. Perfect. Let's go ahead here and say get add dot this time. Get add dot. Get commit slash um uh let's see here. We did the arbitrage scanner and whale scanner. So we built two pretty important tools here. Get push. Get push. Okay, I don't know how to do that I guess. So let's just go ahead and have the AI do it for me. Can you just go ahead and push it? Thank you. And then I need to go ahead and make sure that it's um available for everybody. So let's go to GitHub here. Moondawg on YT. Repos should be coming here soon. Limited limitless prediction markets. Uh limitless limitless prediction market trading bots. What the hell is he? What is this? Limitless GitHub. Save changes. Okay. And then how do I go ahead and um make this private? Unprivate? What? What the hell is this, bro? Okay, let's go ahead and make this un unprivate. Uh change visibility here. Change to public. Yes, I want to make it private public. I have read and understand these things. Make repository public. Oh, I got to put my uh verification key in. Good. Good. Good. I'm glad they do that because otherwise I'd be cooked. Okay, it should be public now. Let's go ahead and see if it's here. Okay, there we go. So everything that we built today um this repo is the onboarding kit for anyone wants to build trading bots for arbitrage scanners or wallet trackers on limitless. It ships two ready-to-run tools so you can see the live data flowing to your terminal in less than 5 minutes. No API key needed. Built by Moondawg Dr. Data Dog. I love it, bro. So that's it. Much love to you. I hope this is fire.