Today I'm going to show you step by step how to automate your trading so you can remove all emotions in the next 30 days. Even if you don't know how to code, I'm going to show you exactly how to do this. You won't have to hire some expensive developer that won't deliver any of the work. Uh you will be able to do this even if you don't know how to code. I'll show you exactly how to automate your trading so you can remove all emotions for the rest of your life. How's that sound? We all got into trading to get our time back, right? So, why do we stare at the charts all day when we have robots driving for us, robots flying for us, robots cleaning for us? Dude, I even saw in Miami last week, robots delivering our food. So, why do we think that we can outrade robots by hand? I don't know. We all came here for more time freedom, right? Yes, of course. Every single day, the exchanges, they hunt us like prey. They see every stop, every liquidation level. It's not paranoia, dude. It's real. And inside, we're fighting ourselves. FOMO, revenge trading, greed, fear. I don't know about you, but I was my worst enemy. The three secrets I'm going to teach you today are one, I'm going to show you how to ethically steal profitable milliondoll trading strategies from your competition. By the end of this, you'll have unlimited trading strategies that you can automate into trading bots. Secret number two, I'm going to show you the secret sauce in figuring out if any strategy in the past is hyper profitable. This is like having X-ray vision on any strategy for the rest of your life. If you ever have an idea, you can see if it's profitable in the past. And if it is, then you can turn them into automated bots that you can run in the cloud, close your computer, and go do something else while you know you have strategies, bots that are running for you. And then secret number three, I'm going to show you exactly how to automate those profitable strategies that you use your X-ray goggles and saw that they were profitable. how to automate them so you can have them running 24/7, 365 for the rest of your life and you'll never have to stare at these charts ever again. How's that sound? Do you want to do you want to completely remove emotions from trading forever? Can you already feel how good that's going to feel, dude? And as a bonus, if you stick around through this entire training, not only are you going to learn everything I just told you and exactly how to automate your trading, even if you don't know how to code, I'm going to give you a full road map that is better than any algorithmic trading book out there. There's a ton of code. There's a ton of training videos. There's a ton of answers to your questions. Essentially, everything you need to know about automated trading is in this road mapap and you're going to get it for 100% free if you stick around for this short short training here. Are you committed to sticking around? You'll get the full road map. Throw a yes in the chat. You know, we all got into trading for freedom, get our time back, live life on our terms. Charts, they're supposed to be the vehicle, not the cage, dude. But I turned into kind of a screen slave for 5 years straight. Just glued to these candles, glued to these charts, riding the highs, surviving the wipes, sometimes missing everything in life that actually really mattered. Let me tell you about these two guys that were absolutely everything to me. We got Allan and KT. These are my brothers growing up. Not blood related, but closer than most. Middle school hits. I'm the new kid. awkward, outcast. Nobody wants anything to do with me. The girls kind of like me, which makes the guys hate me even more. I'm eating lunch alone, sitting at the in the rain during PE, just kind of invisible. Then one day, KT shows up. He's one of the cooler kids, you know? There's like three really cool kids in school, and he's one of the cool kids, but he's not a jerk about it. He's he's like the nice cool kid. He sees me standing soaked in the rain alone during PE, and he says, "Hey, hey, Moon. I know you're new here. You seem pretty cool. Want to share my my locker for PE? And I was like, damn. And just like that, the doors opened. We became locker partners. My stuff was always gross. Wet clothes, sweaty socks, locker reeks. Most kids would have roasted me, but KT never once. Next day, he shows up with some axe body spray. He says, "Yo, Moon, I got this for us. We can keep the locker nice and fresh." Just quiet. quiet kindness, no lecture, no embarrassment, just fixed the problem. Allan actually got to the school the same time I did. New kid as well. And the three of us, we became inseparable. Every single weekend, we'd have sleepovers, we'd have adventures, every dumb teenage scheme. We even moved to the same city for college. So all the way from middle school through college, we were like best of friends. You couldn't separate us three. Just the three best friends. And people used to always say that you guys have the rarest the rarest thing. The three best friends. Fast forward a few years. I'm in deep, you know, staring at these charts like I am now. Let me just go ahead and put one of these trades on. I'll go ahead and buy. Why? I don't know. I'm a human. But I was in a trade, right? eyes bloodshot, staring at these screens, ignoring the world. And my phone rings. It's Allan. The voicemail says, "Moon, call me back." And I just text him real quick. I'm like, "I'm in a position. I can't talk. I'm sorry." And he said, "No, dude. Call me back right now. Seriously." I stepped away. My dude, my heart sunk. I was like, "Oh, man. This is not good." I call him. His voice cracks. [clears throat and snorts] He says, "KT's gone. car accident. [sighs] Passenger seat of his sister's boyfriend who had been drinking, showing off, flipped his car, exploded a mile away, past KT's house, and it was a mile past his house. That's the thing that really got me. The boyfriend was just showing off. I hung up and I just broke. food. Five years of my life chained to these screens. How many trips did I skip home? How many times did I bail on plans because I have one more trade I have to stare at these screens. The last time AC tried to get us together, I said I was busy. I was on the charts. I was trading. KT the kindest soul I ever knew. The one that took me in when nobody else would. Gone. And I didn't even pick up the phone when Allan called and told me about it. Dude, I was staring at these damn charts. That day I I swore off trading. Charts will always be there, dude. Trades will always be there. But people, your brothers, your family, they're [snorts] not guaranteed another day. It's not worth it to stare at these charts. That's when I decided to go all in on automation. bots that would relentlessly trade for me so I could go live my life, be with my friends, my family members. You got into this game for freedom, too, right? Not to miss out the moments, not to miss out on the moments that actually count. Today, I'm handing you the exact scape the exact scape route. No coding required. No excuses left. Let's just go ahead and build bots that trade for us. There's bigger things in life. You can still have exposure to these markets, but that you can actually go live life. And I believe in you, dude, because if I can do this, you can do it. Anything I can do, you can do better. If you're anything like me, you've been liquidated dozens of times and you've lost a ton of money due to emotions, right? I just want you to know that it's not your fault. These exchanges, they're set up as casinos to ensure that you trade more, get more emotional, and lose more. Look at this, dude. $18,000 in fees just entering the trade. All these flashing lights, this is to speed you up. This is so you take random trades like I just took. You've been liquidated due to emotions before, right? Of course. So, if you feel like trading's been a waste of time, a waste of life, I feel you, man. I feel you so hard. I miss out on my my best friend's last breath. There's no reason to trade by hand. There's no reason, you know, Wall Street has the secret sauce. And that's what I'm going to show you today. Something they'll never show you. F Wall Street, dude. It's all boys club. They want to pretend like they know something that you can't know, but you can. You can know this stuff. And I'm going to teach you everything here today. Wall Street does not want me to share this. That's why they keep taking down my videos. Who owns Google? Wall Street. YouTube is owned by Google. Even if you don't have a big team, I didn't have a big team. It's just me. Even if you don't have a math degree or a computer science degree, I don't have either of them. You don't have to be a scientist. You don't have to be a mathematician. You just have to be looking for a better way to trade, which I think you are because you found me somehow. And like I said, dude, I believe in you because I didn't go to school for this. I'm not a mathematician. I'm not a scientist. I didn't go to Stanford. None of those crazy schools. I was the product of Wall Street. Meaning a hand trader was the person that Wall Street takes money from. They need chumps like us. They need people to think, "Oh, I can trade better than a robot." But they know over the next 10,000 trades, no human will beat the market. Wall Street, they're using bots and they don't want you to know this. And if you ever felt like you were being hunted, your stops were being hunted, your liquid liquidation levels were being hunted, you're 100% correct. Look, I can see your positions. We can all see everybody's positions here. If you just go here, I can see exactly, okay, this guy is getting liquidated in 1.4% away. This guy has a $17 million ETH position, 1.81% away. I have everybody's positions. I can see everybody in the market and Wall Street can too. So, have you ever felt like you've been hunted before? Type yes in the chat if you feel like you've been hunted before. Today, I'm going to show you step by step how to automate your trading, even if you don't know how to code, because we have AI to do all the code coding for us, which is which is awesome because AI can do all the hard work while we just come up with the ideas. This is the ultimate opportunity to stop trading emotionally and to separate yourself from the rest of the 99% of traders who lose because they use too much leverage. They you they have too many emotions. If you look at all of the long-term winning traders, their funds like Jane Street, Jim Simon, Citadel, Renaissance Technologies, they all took an automated approach because human emotions are too strong for someone to trade logically. One night I was scrolling YouTube and I came across this Stanford lecture. I would never be able to get into Stanford, so don't worry about that. But he said something super interesting. The professor said, "When you're in an emotional state, you literally cannot think logically." He said, "Think back to a time that you were in a fight with a friend, a spouse, whoever. You probably said something you didn't really mean." Right? That's because the brain, it just can't think logically when it's in an emotional state. This is what the professor was telling us. So, I'm sure you've been in an emotional state before trading, right? And have you ever made a trade and looked back and been like, damn, I shouldn't have made that trade? Yes, of course. So, to loop it back to the Stanford professor, he said, you cannot think logically when you're in an emotional state. So, if when trading you're emotional, then you're not going to trade logically. And if you don't trade logically, you're going to lose all of your money, right? Of course, you've said or done something dumb in a trade, right? Because you're tilted. You've you've opened too much leverage. You're taking off your take profit or move your stop loss, right? Listen, your dream of trading freedom bots working 24/7 while you go live life. Go enjoy your friends. Go enjoy your f family. Go spend the time with the people that actually matter. I'm living that now. Your past blowups, they're not your fault. The exchanges are rigged casinos designed to trigger emotions. You see all these flashing lights? That's to trigger your emotions. And remember, when you're in an emotional state, you cannot think logically. And don't be scared, dude. I was scared before. AI does all the heavy lifting when it comes to coding. You just need to come with the ideas and I'm going to show you how to come up with so many ideas and your suspicions are spoton. Wall Street, they can see where you're going to get liquidated. They see when you put on a stop-loss, a take profit, and they move the market that way. But screw those all boys clubs. We're flipping the script here today and I'm going to show you absolutely everything. Have you ever hit the wall and ever felt like I'm done? I'm done trading. I don't know about you, but I've hit zero so many times when I was a hand trader and I would just sit in the dark for hours staring at these black screens and then boom, get liquidated. Then it hit me like a brick one day. The only way to win is to stop being a human in the markets. Remove the emotions completely. Build robots that never flinch. They never trade emotionally. Wouldn't it feel amazing to ha never have to fight your own brain again? Yes. Today, I'm going to show you exactly how to automate your trading so you don't have to worry about the emotional part. Don't you think you're going to be a much better trader when you don't have emotions? Yes, of course. Now, if you're a complete beginner and you've never coded before, I will show you exactly how to automate your trading. Don't worry, AI can do all the hard coding for us. I didn't know how to code either. So don't worry, dude. So if I could do it with zero experience, I was not a coder, not a mathematician, not a scientist, then you can do it too, right? Of course. Anything I can do, you can do better. And what's really neat is there's a ton of reviews across the internet about what I teach here in this training. A lot of them are from advanced coders, too. engineers that are way ahead of me in coding, but I still save them hundreds if not thousands of hours in the automated trading process by watching this training here that you're in today. So whether you are a complete beginner or an experienced coder, it doesn't matter. This is going to be so impactful for you and I'm going to show you step by step how to automate your trading. So throw a yes in the chat if you are ready to get started. My name is Mundev. I believe code is the great equalizer simply because I figured out a secret that changed my life. I was the normal hand trader that would trade decently for a couple weeks, maybe a month, but then get liquidated and lose it all. I remember one time I was down to my last $30,000 and I thought it would be a great idea to long with leverage. Even though I already swore off after KT died, I swore off trading. I had another great idea and I took a leverage long. I took my last leverage long. I threw it I threw $30,000 down with 40x leverage like a complete degenerate. Even though I swore off trading and I watched that position for 18 hours straight until I couldn't keep my eyes open anymore. I I fell asleep and guess what happened? I woke up and I was up huge, dude. I had doubled my account size. So now I'm sitting at $60,000 feeling great. But did I close the position? No, of course not, dude. I'm emotional. When I'm up, I get greedy. I want to make more. When I'm down, I hold on. And in this instance, I was up 100%. I held on cuz I could make more, right? I watched that position for another night. And guess what? I woke up again, up another 40%. Mind you, I was using 40x leverage, so it was only really a 1% move, but 1% times 40 is up 40%. So, I was like, damn, I figured this game out. You know, my trials and tribulations in the past, I figured it out. I'm good. I'm sick. Finally, I got a winning leverage position here. I I'm just going to hold it till it goes to the moon. I It worked for a couple more nights until one morning I woke up to that email saying, "Your position has been liquidated." So, I went from 30,000 to 60,000 to about 80,000. and then back down to zero. Zero. Remember, this was my last chance. And I got smoked. I got smoked. I lost it all because I thought I was smarter than the market. I thought I could use leverage. I thought I could keep a position open and keep winning. But obviously, I was wrong. Have you ever been in a position like that? Have you ever been in a winning position and felt like I can hold it a little bit longer, it'll go up more, only to see it turn around and you lose everything? Yeah, I'm sure. I mean, that's why you found me, right? So, now I'm back at zero. But I learned something. I learned something huge. I learned no matter how confident I am, I really can't trade by hand because I get too emotional. When I'm winning, I end up losing. I'm I'm winning. I'm up, but I hold it till I lose. I get up big, hold it till I lose. or when I'm down big, I just keep holding it till I get liquidated. It started to feel like when I was trading by hand, the only way to close a trade was to get liquidated and lose all of my money. But I had made a commitment that day. I said, I'll never trade by hand again. And that's the day my life changed forever. This was a few years ago now. And I believe it was a blessing in disguise because my life is at least 100 times better than those dark days of staring at the screen just begging and pleading and praying and hoping the price would go my way. But thankfully to trading bots, I now live on an island that I paid for in cash with the profits from my trading bots. I don't have a worry in the world. Every day I get to play the ultimate game. The game is chasing Jim Simons. Jim Simons is one of the best algorithmic traders in the world. He ran up a net worth of 30 billion with trading bots. Now, I'm nowhere close to that $30 billion or Jim Simons, but I'll be there someday. And what's unique about me is I want to bring you with me. I want you to go from where I was, that hand trader that was just desperate, obsessing over these charts, spending all of my time staring at these screens, using too much leverage, getting stopped out, getting liquidated, losing my money over and over to a fully automated trader who lets his systems work for him, sitting in the cloud, trading for me all day long. Can you imagine how great it's going to feel when you know that you have profitable trading bots that you can trade 24/7? Whether you're with family, enjoying those limited times, enjoying your friends or at the beach or traveling the world. Can you imagine how much better your life is going to be? Yes. Just imagine it for a second, dude. I believe in you. I was able to figure it out. I went through some hard things. You've gone through so many hard things in your life. I'll tell you everything here today. If I can do it, you can do it. I didn't go to school for any of this. They tried to kick me out of middle school. More on that later. Wall Street will never show you this stuff. And they're looking at your positions. I already showed you that, right? They can literally see, okay, when is this guy getting liquidated? If the price moves 0.95%, we'll liquidate him. If the price moves 1.26%, 377,000, we'll liquidate him. They know exactly where your max pain is, and they will move the market. They will take your cash. Remember, they are they're dependent on chumps like us that will trade by hand. I know for a fact that you can become a profitable automated trader. I believe in you. Even if you've lost money in the past trading by hand, that's because we're not supposed to be trading by hand. The banks, the automated traders, the hedge funds, Wall Street, they can all see our positions and they're never going to tell us that. F them. that all boys club or we can't get in because we didn't go to Stanford, we didn't go to Harvard. I'm going to show you everything here today. You don't need any of those big college degrees or math degrees or anything like that. You can do this. As long as you are a trader, you can do this. You ready to get started? All right, I want to see a bunch of yeses in the chat. Are you ready to finally become a fully automated trader in the next 30 days? Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Now, in order to be really great at this, you do have to be a little bit analytical. But I know you are. I know you like data because you're a trader. Traders love to look at numbers. You don't have to be a mathematician, nothing like that. You just have to be a trader that wants a better way to trade the markets, an automated way. From this moment on, you're not a hand trader anymore. You are officially a quant. Someone who will chew up this data with the AI and implement those trading bots for the rest of your life. Ready to stop being a gambler. Ready to start being a quant because that's what you are now. You found me. You found a better way. Now, let's get into it. From this point on, you are a quant. I want you to forget about that old way of hand trading because that's what 99% of people do and 99% of people lose money trading the manual way. But us data dogs, us quants, we look at the data and see what actually worked in the past. If it worked in the past, then it's much more likely to work in the future. I'm going to show you exactly how to figure that all out here today. as quants or as I like to call them data dogs. We don't sit there and stare at charts. We don't trade by hand. No, 99% of traders lose. So why would we want to do what other people do? We won't. Quants, you and I, we're 100% automated. We only take trades with robots. Right now, people probably ask you, "What do you do?" And you may say, "I'm a trader." And in their minds, you know what they're thinking. and they're like, "Oh, another degenerate gambler." But from this day on, you're not just a trader. You're a data dog. You are a quant. Just think about the reactions you're going to get from people when you say you are a quant opposed to just some gambler or trader. Sounds way better than DJ Trader, right? There's not many of us, but those of us that are quants are extremely respected and highly sought after, by the end of this, not only are you going to be able to automate your trading, but you'll be in the 1% and people will be dying to pick your brain, to hire you, to give you tons of opportunities, and even pay you to build bots for them. Even if you don't know how to code right now, don't worry. I'm gonna show you everything. I don't want you to be a gambler anymore. I know you are smarter than that. You want to be a quant, right? Well, you are a quant now because you found me. And I'm going to give you every secret you need to know. Now, I was in your shoes just a few years back, scared out of my mind to learn how to code. I personally spent 10 years in tech being scared to learn how to code. spent hundreds of thousands of dollars hiring developers off Upwork to build mobile apps for me. But if I would have just learned how to code over a decade ago, I would be much much richer. So if you're sitting there like, "Dude, I'm too scared to code. It's too hard." yada yada. I was in that same position. But don't worry, we actually have AI now that will do all the coding for us. So we just have to bring the ideas. And I know you're a data dog. I know you're a quant now. You have a ton of trading ideas. and the ambition to find even more. You just needed to find this better approach to trading. And now you're here. I'm not only going to show you how to build bots. I'm going to show you how to come up with unlimited trading strategies so you have an unlimited backlog of ideas to automate. You know, I mentioned earlier back in middle school, I was a kid. Everyone wrote off. One afternoon, my home room teacher, the the lady that's supposed to like be holding a safe place for us, she pulled me aside and said, "Moon, sit down. You're not cutting it around here. You're not going to make it around here. You're not the right fit." I'm like, "What do you mean not the right fit for middle school?" She says, "We're kicking you out. And if you want to try to stay, we're keeping you back. We're keeping you back a grade." And that crushed me. I was 12 years old, dude. Already feeling like a failure, you know, in a new school. Nobody knew me. Nobody really cared for me. I was just crushed. Held back. What? I didn't think I was dumb. My desire was burned, dude. I was crushed. I wanted to prove everybody wrong. I wanted to build something unbreakable that nobody could take away. I got held back a full year. Friends moved on. I was the slow kid, repeating classes, isolated, fighting shame pretty much every single day. everything on the line, my self-worth, my future. I quit could have I could have just quit there. I could have quit school, but I doubled down. I doubled down, dude. I scraped by with barely passing grades. Fast forward to a decade plus later and the slow kid dove into coding with zero experience. I committed to four hours a day and I figured out how to code. And then I figured out how to automate my trading. I learned Python. I back tested relentlessly. I audited my automated my trading. I killed all emotions. Yes, it was hard, but I figured out a system that's going to make it easy for you. I cracked it. Now I'm a fully automated trader living on an island. Bots trading 24/7 while I chase Jim Simon's billions. You can see I'm in a losing position. Luckily, this is just a game. I wanted to illustrate how, you know, as a trader, you're just simply picking random times to go long. I bought here. Why? I'm down $114,000 now. Luckily, this is a game and I hope that you play this game instead of trade by hand. If you ever feel like you need to trade by hand, go to moonundave.com/game and play this instead because the only time you should trade by hand is if it's a a free game, okay? You should have your robots trading real money. So, let's automate your trading. You know, if I got held back in seventh grade and I was able to figure it out, I think you can do it, too. You've got this, dude. I believe in you more than any teacher has ever believed in me. If a kid who who got held back in middle school can do this, you can definitely do this, right? Yes, dude. And let's be real, AI changes absolutely everything. There is nothing you or I can't build anymore because AI literally does all the hard coding for us. Don't you think you're going to be able to automate your trading now that you have AI? Yes, dude. Of course. And I don't know if you're familiar with Jim Simons. He was one of the best algorithmic traders in the world. He ran up a net worth of $ 31 billion fully automated using trading bots like the ones I'll show you today. Now, of course, we've seen people have success in all types of things, and it's easy to just write them off like, "Oh, he knows something. I don't know. He's smarter than me." yada yada yada. And I felt the same way. So, don't worry. I heard about Citadel. I heard about Jane Street. I heard about these automated traders. And I was like, "Oh, there's no way I could do that." Until one day, I was looking for a new place. So, I had a realtor take me around to a new place. And we walk into this one place in Puerto Rico. I'm hunting for a new spot. And we open the door. I walk in. I see a beach view. Windows open. This dude in a tank top sitting on his couch, the sun shining in. And this dude had the air conditioning on, too. All the windows open and the air conditioning on. I'm like, "Dude, you are balling." And he was a total bro. He was sitting there smoking a joint with [snorts] his computer flashing all these green and red uh numbers. I was like, "What is what is going on? This looks like a freaking rave. And he's just chilling here. I'm trying to listen to the realtor, but I can't stop staring at the screens. And finally, I'm like, "Dude, what is this? What are you doing?" He He grins and he says, "Um trading, dude. I push a billion dollars a day through through my bots. Zero manual trades." And my brain just kind of shortcircuited, dude. Jim Simons and Citadel always felt like gods on another planet. But this guy, he was just a regular homie. I could grab a beer with living my exact dream life that I wanted so bad. Desire hit me like a freight train. I wanted that life. I didn't need to trade a billion dollars like him. No, I just wanted the freedom. I wanted bots working while I go live. I go enjoy the time with my loved ones. I didn't know how to code. The idea of building real trading bots felt impossible. It felt so far off, intimidating as hell. You know, I tried to learn how to code a couple times and I just churned because it was boring. There was no real reason for me to learn until I had to automate my trading. And that day, it proved to me that if this bro could do it, I can absolutely do it. And if I stayed as a manual trader, I would just end up broke and chained to these charts forever. But if I actually locked in, I could escape. That day I made the decision. Four hours a day, no excuses until the bots are live. Hard? Yeah, sure. But clearly it wasn't impossible. If he can do it, I can do it, too. And if I can do it, you can do it better. And I did it. Today, my bots run 24/7 while I chill just like that dude beachfront in the house that he was chilling in. It's amazing. Full circle. No stress. market helped me buy that house in cash. And if a regular dude smoking a joint on his couch can automate a billion dollars per day, trust me, you and I are able to do this and change our lives forever. So, let's build these bots. You're one decision away. And I think you already made that decision from never ever staring at these charts again. Do you want that exact automated trading zero stress life? Yes. So from there, my plan was super simple. Four hours a day, no excuses, no social life, no weekends until the bots are live and I'm profitable. I told myself if I failed this time, I was out of the game forever. Those four hours obviously became a little obsessive. I I spent a little more than four hours. Sure, I borrowed some money. My mom begged me to get a real job, yada yada. You know the whole story. I almost broke. But from those struggles, I figured out the perfect system that anybody can use to automate their trading. Because you can see, look, I'm down 137,000 fake dollars right now because I decided that now was the time to go long. And this happens in real life. Please do not trade by hand. If you trade by hand, please go play this free game. A few years back, I was convinced automated trading was just a myth for the elite, for the Stanford, Harvard grads, the math geniuses. solving quantum equations, yada yada. I told myself, you need a massive team of quants like Citadel's army or it's impossible. And only billion-dollar funds could do this. But I met this guy. I met him and I saw he was a regular dude. And if he can do it, I can do it. I still have the voices in my head saying, "You're not smart enough. You're not connected enough." yada yada. But walking into that Puerto Rico apartment and seeing this guy with no degree, no team, nothing fancy, just a chill dude in a tank top automating a billion dollars a day from his couch. All the false beliefs they shattered one by one. No fancy education needed. I got held back in middle school. That's embarrassing. No math wizardry. I'm no genius, that's for sure. No coding prodigy needed. I started from scratch and now AI does all the heavy lifting for me. No huge team, no need for a huge fund. Just regular dudes can crush this. You don't need a supercomput. Your laptop is fine. If you're listening to this now, you have enough equipment to get started right now. You don't need 10 years in finance. I flipped it in a few months. Emotions are unbeatable. But bots, they erase emotions. and AI codes for us now. So, we have no excuses. Are you ready to shatter every excuse right now and automate your trading? Please throw the yes in the chat if you are. Okay. Secret number one. I want to show you how to steal profitable trading strategies from your competition and also be able to see their exact positions. These things that Wall Street doesn't want you to know about. All right. So, I want to show you a couple places that you can use as resources to steal your competitor's best strategies. Let me show you these here. Now, um obviously there's some really great books out there. And what I want you to do is pull out a piece of pencil or your computer. Write these down. Write these books down. I'm going to rattle them off because this is how you come up with unlimited strategies. The great thing about books is it's usually the person's life work, right? People write one, maybe two books their whole life. So their whole life you get in a book. So I want to give you a few good trading books that you can just use to steal your competitor's true strategies. Now most people aren't going to take action on them, but you will. So here's a bunch of books I want you to write down so you can go ahead and have unlimited strategies. Okay? There's a book series called The Market Wizards. There's three or four of those books and I would read every single one of them or listen to them on Audible. I'm a big Audible guy. I'm always listening to Audible when I'm walking my dog or whatever. They're called the market wizards. Go read all of those books because they interview in each book like 10 to 20 different traders and they tell us their exact strategies. If you read those books, you're going to have so many strategies. And then I've referred to Jim Simons a couple times. Jim Simons also has a book written about him. And write this down, The Man Who Solved the Market. That's another great resource because Jim Simons ran up a net worth of $ 31 billion and his book investigates exactly how. And don't worry, at the end I'm going to give you that road map if you stick around and it has a bunch of these books and even more. There's another book if you're interested in high frequency trading. It's called Flash Boys. It it really uh dives deep into how high frequency trading works. And then if you want some other strategies, there's another book called Advanced Futures Trading by Robert Carver. gives you a ton of strategies that you can get started with right now. Now, there's another book that you need to read uh at least skim through. It's called the quants. You're a quant now. So, if you want to dive deeper into quantitative trading, go get that book as well. It's extremely important to also read the best loser wins. It's really hard to take losses as a human. You know, you'll watch your P&L go down and you'll be like, "Okay, it'll turn around, right?" But as that Stanford professor says, it's hard to think logically when you're in an emotional state. So when you're in a losing position, you're not going to be like, "Oh, I need to take my loss here." You're emotional. But a logical trader will actually take a lot of losses, just take more wins. So that's why the book, The Best Loser Wins, is a really great one to fully understand. Definitely read that if you get the time. Now, you don't have to go read all of these books right now. you can read one and come up with a ton of ideas. And then the last one's actually not a book, but I think it's better. So, there's a podcast called Chat with Traders, and that podcast interviews 300 or more traders, and each episode dives deep into verified traders who have been crushing the markets for decades, and they they describe their exact strategies. It's so fascinating. It's called chat with traders and you just get so many ideas. Now I want to give you one more. There is a website called Google Scholar. Google Scholar is where PhDs and other traders they post their stepbystep strategy that they've researched or they run and you can literally take those ideas and throw them into AI and say, "Hey, build this for me." It's amazing. You have so many resources now that you can come up with unlimited trading strategies and really steal your competitor's best strategies. But not only that, dude, look at this. Now you also have a way to see everybody's positions. I showed you this tab on my website moon.com/hyperlquid. I can see everybody's positions. I see exactly when they're going to get liquidated and the market makers are going to move the prices to liquidate everybody. So you can see when these shorts are getting liquidated, this guy is going to get liquidated when the price moves 5%. $27 million. This guy is going to get liquidated when the price moves 2%. $17 million. This is the stuff hedge funds, the banks, the other algorithmic traders, they look at and they just pick the pockets of us hand traders. But you're a quant now, so you'll never fall into this trap again, right? Since I can see everybody's liquidations levels and I can see also when they get liquidated. One thing I really like to do, and maybe write this one down because this is one of my one of my favorite strategies, is if I see right here, this guy's gonna get liquidated in 2%. He's a long. Well, if I want to go long, my bot will be looking at this this position and say, "Hey, we're not going to long until this guy gets liquidated." Why? Because this guy bet $17 million that the price would go up. So, if we wait until he gets liquidated, that means the price went to a a place that he never he he bet $17 million. It would never go to this liquidation price, but he will get liquidated. So, my bots, what they do is they wait for him to get liquidated. The price will spike down and they enter once he gets liquidated because remember, everybody gets liquidated. So if I hide if my bots hide behind this big liquid liquidation, it's going to be much much more profitable than just entering a long or a short at any time. Does that make sense? So now that you know all this, you'll never let the exchange hurt you again, right? You know exactly how to come up with unlimited strategies. Take them essentially straight from your competitors. And now you have the secret sauce where you can see when people get liquidated, where they'll get liquidated, where they entered, where they're hitting max pain. Now, you might be thinking, well, this is kind of complex. I'd rather just trade my hand or this is going to be too hard for me. But dude, I got kicked out of middle school pretty much. I got held back because I was so slow. So, if I can do this, you can do this, too. There's no excuse. I just gave you the source that I literally use every single day to come up with unlimited strategies. So, you can go ahead and get started now. I believe in you, man. Like, you found me somehow. I don't run ads. You're clearly ambitious. You're clearly diligent. You found me. You're clearly persistent. You're here for a reason. You found me somehow on the internet. You're looking for a better way to trade. So, I commend you, dude. Good job. You've probably heard of automated trading. You know it works. You know your emotions get in the way, right? So, you know, you'll be a much better trader when you automate it, right? Yes, dude. Of course. Okay. Now, secret number two. Now, like I mentioned before, the second thing I wanted to teach you is how to have kind of X-ray vision when it comes to trading. Meaning, you're going to be able to see any idea that you come up with from those books or ideas you get from trading by yourself. you're going to be able to see if that strategy or that idea actually worked in the past. And if it worked in the past, it's much more likely to work in the future, right? Much better than just putting the RSI on the chart or SMA or some lines. That's not the way to do it. You have to see if a strategy works in the past, and if it does, it's much more likely to work in the future. And the coolest thing is we have AI now. So essentially all you have to do is take your ideas and then send it to AI and boom, she'll go ahead and make what's called a back test for you. Back test sees if your strategy worked in the past. And what's great about this is in this road map I'm going to give you here at the end. There's actually this code that I worked super hard on. So you have a template if you just scroll down to my RBI system which I'm explaining you to you today. The process of automating your trading starts with research of trading strategies. I just showed you how to find a bunch of strategies. Then you back test those strategies. Well, when you're back testing them, this code is very hard to make, but I made it very easy for you. You just copy this code in there. This is how to back test. This is my template I worked really hard on. And now you can just send it to AI and say, "Hey, here's the template and here's my trading idea I got from this book or I got from experience." And boom. Now something that used to take me eight hours creating these back tests, now you can do in like five minutes. So you have my exact template that I use to this day. You probably see me on YouTube throwing this into my into my code or into my AI and coding out back test. Now you might be thinking where do I get the data from though. I believe code is a great equalizer and if I give you everything I have then you can do better. You can do better than I. So if you don't know where to get data, I've got some data sources here for you as well. You're getting this road map at the end. So don't worry. So, don't you think that now that you know how to get unlimited trading strategies and then you know how to back test pretty much have X-ray vision on if those strategies work, don't you think you're going to be able to do this? Don't you think you're going to be able to automate your trading? Yes, of course. Of course, man. You take those great ideas, you give you take that template code I just gave you and I'll give you at the end with the road map and you put them into AI and say, "Hey, back test this idea for me. Did it work in the past?" Yes or no. If it didn't, that's awesome. Okay, let's move on to the next one. If it did, okay, let's go ahead and move on to secret number three. You find something that worked in the past. Secret number three, what do you do next? You build it into a trading bot that is fully automated. You can run in the cloud and you can have it trade for the rest of your life. You never have to waste your time in these in front of these stupid charts, wasting your life, wasting time with your friends, your family. Please, please, please go hug your loved ones, man. Please. This hurts me so so deep that I wasted so much time. I wasted the last breaths of my best friend because I was looking at these damn charts. Please don't do this anymore. Automate your trading. So, secret number three, there's a ton of different platforms you can automate your trading on. Pretty much every exchange, whether it's crypto, futures, forex, whatever, they all have APIs. APIs are how you connect to the exchanges. Again, on that road map, I'm going to give you a bunch of starter code so you can just say, "Hey, I have this great back test. Please go ahead and turn this into a bot because it worked in the past and it's much more likely to work in the future." So, you tell the AI that. And then I have this checklist that I would definitely write down some of these things. I'll give you the road map again later, but write these down because this checklist is super important. And literally every single time I build a bot, I go through this checklist. So, write these things down. So, most people forget at least one of these things, including me to this day. I still forget things. So, I go through this checklist and I want you to have this checklist so you don't forget these things because they're they're imperative to have. Number one is control your risk. How do you control your risk? Well, as a human, it's hard. You put a take-profit or stop loss and then you remove it, right? But that's the beautiful thing about trading bots. They control risk unlike emotional humans. So when you want to make sure that you have all of your risk controlled, the only way to do that is with a bot. So that's the first thing you need to make sure that you're controlling. You need to make sure every time your bot loops that it's checking your P&L, making sure you haven't hit your stop-loss or your takerit. And if you have, the bot will unemotionally take you out of the position, winning or losing. And remember, the best loser wins. It's not about one trade. I know I got I've gotten lucky multiple times and had big wins, but I can't close. So, if I can't close the position, it turns into a loss. So, write that down. Definitely always manage risk. The second thing you want to do is you have to implement the exact strategy that was in the back test. But what's cool about it is I gave you that template and then you have a back test that worked in the past. Then you just send that code over to the AI with other template saying, "Hey, boom. Can you go ahead and turn this into a bot?" and she'll be able to do it because you have all the templates from the road map. And then the second thing you need to or third thing you need to look into, you know, number one, risk, number two, make sure the exact strategies in there, and then thirdly, you want to make sure that you are entering with limit orders. The thing that most traders don't understand is that you're paying three times as much as a hand trader every time you enter a position. That's because market orders are three times more expensive. So hand traders, manual traders, they're like essentially going to the Apple store and saying, "Hey, this iPhone costs $1,000, but I can't wait 2 seconds for it, so I'm going to pay 3,000 instead." So over time, over a thousand trades, the 3x the fees when you enter and exit. That's why most traders just lose even if they're decent traders. So it's not your fault if you're losing money. A lot of times you'll be like, "Damn, I'm down, but I've been trading well today." That's because of the fees. But bots, the great thing about bots, they will never enter a market order unless you specifically say to do that. I always enter with limit orders and exit with limit orders because I know the strategy works in the past because I have those X-ray visions, the back tests, right? I know they work. So, I just need to be able to execute them well. But as a human, I'm not going to be able to execute well because I have emotions. Another couple things I want you to write down on your checklist before you ever launch something. But don't worry, I'll follow up with a road map. But another couple things is um make sure to cancel all orders before you put a new order in. [snorts] I've seen this too many times for myself and others where they'll put an order in, the bot will put an order in, and then they'll go ahead and put another order in and then another order and it'll just drain their account because they forgot to cancel the order before putting the new order in. And it's such a simple thing, but a lot of people forget about it. A lot of people forget about it. And then lastly, you want to make sure to have a loop going on your boot bot. So essentially, it's going to be looping all the time, seeing if you've hit your takerit, your stop loss, seeing if the signal has triggered, and boom, the last thing I need to teach you here is probably the most important. So I want to tell you a quick story. So, after I sore off hand trading, I scraped together another 10,000, literally every penny I could beg, borrow, and sell for. I declared myself a quant, an automated trader, which you are now. I wanted that first bot to be my redemption arc. One clean bot, you know, I I I set up a bot. I figured out how to code. I did all this was all before AI, so it was much harder. It was going to be my freedom. But I skipped the hard part. I skipped the work. I skipped the R and the B. The things I just taught you. the researching, the back testing. I just went and built a bot right away. And guess what happened? I deployed it with full size. That full $10,000. I didn't I didn't see if it worked in the past, the strategy. I didn't research a bunch of other strategies. No, I went full size $10,000. And the first 48 hours looking pretty good. I'm I'm texting people. I'm back, baby. I'm an automated trader now. I could already I could already taste the millions of dollars coming in. But then the market shift. It shifted. A regime changed. I didn't back test. Long story short, don't be like me. My first bot, I was cocky. I thought just because I could automate my trade in that it was going to be profitable. I put 10K in and that was so dumb. I lost it all because the bot did not work in the past. I went ahead and back tested later after I lost everything. It was humil humiliating for sure. But it made me figure out a really really great system that I'm trying to teach you here today because if you slow down just a little bit, I know you want to run and automate your trading right away, but if you want to slow down just a little bit and do the research first, you know, those papers, the books, you have a ton of ideas, then you could go ahead and use your X-ray vision and back test. See if those ideas work. Don't be like me and just run to the bot. See if the ideas work first in the past. If they work in the past, then you deploy them into bots. But you don't use your full size. I used my full $10,000. That was a bad idea because I didn't back test. I didn't know if it actually worked. And the thing is is just because it worked in the past doesn't guarantee it's going to work in the future. You're going to see a lot of people on the internet saying, "Look at my back test on Trading View. It prints money. I'm going to turn this into a bot and be a billionaire." First off, Trading View, the back tests don't work. You can look this up. It's called repainting. That's what it that's what they do. So don't look at trading view back test. You'll be using Python and I'll show I give you the code for that already so you can back test it. But it led me to the biggest breakthrough of my life. Being able to have a system I can rely on which is the RBI system. Every single day I'm just going back and making my systems better and better. The process of automating your trading starts with it starts with the research of trading strategies. I already showed you how to find unlimited strategies. Then you back test those strategies. I already gave you my template here. So you can back test anything. And then if they work in the past, then they're much more likely. That's the key word, likely to work in the future. Way more likely than just running some random bot like I did. But since they're just more likely, you don't want to deploy full size. And I'm trying to save you tens of thousands of dollars here because I wasted my money. And I thought automatically just because I can automate my training I'm going to be super profitable. But it's not that's not right. You have to make sure the strategy actually works in the past. So the process to automate your trading starts with research. Then you back test. And then you implement with small size. So please, please, please, I know you want to go run a bot right now. But when you do find profitable back tests, please run it with small size like $10, $20. And then you'll let it run for a week, two weeks, and then you'll start scaling up the size until you get to full size. You see what I'm saying? This is a much better way to approach it. And it's the system I live and die by now. I don't deploy anything that doesn't at least work in the past. And on top of that, I deploy with small size. And I make it prove to me that you're going to keep working in the future. And if you do work in the future, okay, now I'm going to increase the size, increase the size. And this is literally the system that I follow to this day and you know everything. I taught you secret one, secret two, and secret three. Your wildest dream, fully automated wealth, beach life, no no chart searing. It's 100% achievable. You know, I went from a failure getting held back to a fully automated trader when nobody believed in me. I believe in you, dude. You don't need a fancy degree. AI codes for us. You don't need to be a mathematician. You don't need to go to Stanford, Harvard, none of that. Wall Street, they are going to hunt your positions. So, you have to be sure that the strategy works in the past. And now you know how to do that. I'm exposing their entire playbook. I'm exposing their entire playbook, dude. And now you have every single secret that you need to know in order to automate your trading. So, let me ask you a question. If you followed what I taught you in secret number one, which is how to research and find unlimited strategies from your competitors, and then you applied secret number two, which is use your X-ray goggles or back tests to see the strategy actually worked in the past. And then if you use secret number three, where I teach you how to make small bots and scale them up, do you think you could do this? Yes. Especially with AI, right? Yes. Yes, Dude. Of course. Of course. How many of you are excited about this? I'm super excited. How many of you are feeling a little bit like this? I know I threw a ton of information at you. A little bit overwhelmed, kind of drinking out of a fire hose. I bet. Yes, of course. I would too. I just I just told you everything. Um, is it okay if I spend like 10 minutes, 10 minutes just going over a super super very special offer I put together to help you in your automated trading. Throw a yes in the chat if that's okay. I know you might be feeling like that's okay. Okay. Well, I put this together for anybody that's actually trying to automate their trading. Um, you do have the road map. You can get that roadmap at moonondev.comromap. But this is what you're going to get when you join me today. Uh in this special offer, you can see here you're gonna get the 15-day trading bot boot camp. This is my Algo Trade Camp. Algo Trade Camp. Feel free to look at the reviews online. There's so many people talking great stuff about it. It's where I [snorts] show you over the next 15 days step by step how to automate your trading. Now, I take you by the hand in short, concise videos, and I give you a ton of code examples, plus a bunch of bots that you can learn from and then automate your strategies. This right here is everything. This is a $3,000 value. I literally have taught thousands of people just like yourself who have found me, just like you have, maybe searching YouTube, Twitter, whatever, and I teach them exactly how to automate their trading. in the next 15 days, you're going to get access to that. It's a $3,000 value. And you know, you might be thinking, okay, well, this works for you, but it's not going to work for me. So, I want to show you a few case studies. I have a ton of case studies. Sh says, Mundev is one of the most authentic. Mund is one of the most authentic and generous creators I have ever seen on the internet. He deserves the world. He has helped me immensely. God bless him and everything he does. I hope he receives non-stop love and success. Let's show another case study here. He says, "Hey guys, I'm new to this this thing. I'm tired of Telegram bots and looking for something that I can build for myself. Do you recommend the boot camp at all?" So, the boot camp that you're going to get. Coyote says, "Yes, it's a lifechanging experience." We've got more though. Again, you can Google this, too. These are all on the internet. What are you waiting for? Campbell says, "The material in the course is everything one needs to get started with this unique and secretive industry, and it's truly amazing. Mundev and his approach to teaching this material are even better. You couldn't ask for a more thoughtful and sincere instructor. I really don't know if I've ever spent better money in my life. If it was just the 15 days promised, the course would be massively undervalued. the fact that there's even more plus the community and everything else. Stop reading and sign up. The only thing you'll regret is not doing it sooner. But not only that, again, go Google these if you'd like. Alex says, "This boot camp has been one of the best experiences, the best learning experiences I've ever had. The content is well structured. It's detailed and easy to follow, even for someone with no prior background. Each video is packed with practical information that's immensely useful. The teaching style is clear and straightforward, making complex concepts feel manageable. The community and support make a huge different. Mundave is incredibly responsive, helpful, and genuinely invested in your progress. The transition to Lifetime after a couple months was a nobrainer for me. The cooperation was smooth, respectful, and just reinforced the trust I already had. So, not only are you going to get the 15-day step-by-step training, you're also going to get Quant Elite. Quant Elite is usually $360 per month. That's a $4,000 value because you get 300 plus back tests and algorithms instantly, plus every single week. Me and my team of Quants are updating it. So, not only do you get the full training over the next 15 days and short concise videos, which is a $3,000 value, you also get access to Quant Elite, which is extremely expensive. Usually, that's another $4,000 value because it has all of my code, all of my algos, all my back tests and updates all the time. Now, again, you might be thinking, okay, well, that's cool, but I need to see somebody else have success with. Okay, well, this is what Kyler says. He's says community. This is actually number one for me. I've been in the camp for 2 days and I've been collaborating with people and learning so much. I'm building a volume screener bot with someone helping with the code and it's amazing. It's really holding me accountable for my ideas and helping me build. Community is alive and growing the content. The content is fresh. There's a whole section with algos and quant strategies for you to use. Yes, we put in all of our strategies so you can go use them. You can get a good preview of Moon Mundav's stuff on YouTube, but dude is genuinely passionate about coding and algo training and I believe genuinely wants to share it with the world. Involvement. Mundave is very involved with this community. Dude live streams damn near every day and will converse and talk with you. He's open to ideas. Conclusion. If you want to break into algo trading, learn how to build your own bots and learn how to algo trade crypto stocks doesn't matter. Even though it's cryptofocused, it applies to all markets. Markets are markets. This is a great place to learn. My name is Kyler Davis in the community. I'm active every day if you want to go ahead and chat with me. Okay, but what else? Well, Belle says, "Finished the boot camp in two days. It's that good. Best community, amazing teacher. Completed the boot camp in 48 hours. Got six additional ALOS and made friends with the community along the way. What to expect? Do it at your own pace. As I mentioned, the boot camp I just finished it in two days, but I'll definitely rewatch to deepen my understanding. There's no rush. The boot camp is designed for you to go at your own pace. It's super beginner friendly. It's an amazing teacher. Mundave is such a chill guy with a passion for teaching. I definitely learned a lot about coding while watching him. Plus, he's incredibly active in his own community. He interacts and goes live every single day, which is insane. It really shows how serious he is about what he does. Free AI. So, I didn't even mention this, but you also get free AI inside the community. And there is a community that you get to connect with others. So, TLDDR, as someone exploring the world of ALGO training, I can confidently say that Mund's ALGO Trade Camp is hands down one of the best learning experiences out there. It's well structured, full of actionable content, and delivered with passion that's contagious. If you're on the fence about joining, take the leap. It's 100% worth it. Mund, you've set the bar incredibly high. Thank you for making this incredible experience. But there's more, dude. You learned steps A through Z. Love Preit says, "The videos were so straightforward and packed with so much information. Everything was super easy to understand and I never knew algo trading would be so easy. Mundev literally teaches you from A to Z and the community is amazing, too. I'm super glad I took this challenge. I've learned so much in the first 15 days I started Algo Trade. Highly recommended if you want to get into algo trading. You're gonna be able to get rid of all of that emotional pain that you're going through. You don't have to sit there and stare at the screens anymore. You can go from hand trader to a powerful automated trader in the algo trade camp. You see the case studies, but I want to give you more. I want to give you everything that I can absolutely everything I know. I want to transfer to you. So, what you're going to get, you're going to get the 15-day training bot step-by-step training. That's the Algo Trade Camp. That's a $3,000 value. You're getting Quant Elite 300 plus back test plus new algos every single week. $3,997 value. Plus, you get this Sana copybot and Solana Sniperbot course. This was so so hard to build to build on Solana, but we figured it out. I spent a full year on this and you're going to get step-by-step instructional videos on how to build for Solana as well. That's a $1,500 value. We're at a total value of $8,497. You can see this isn't just for super advanced people. I'm not advanced. You can see Jane also says, "Amazing. Algo Trig Camp was such a great genuine teacher. I found Mund in 2024. I watched his videos live. They're amazing. He gives and gives and gives and gives and liked what I saw. He shows you everything he's doing except his private keys. After watching him for a month or so, I decided to check out the Algo Trade Camp, the boot camp, where he teaches everything step by step that you need to know to start learning and coding your own trading bots mainly in Python. Don't worry if you're not a coder or you don't know Python. He teaches you exactly how you can learn everything you need to know with the help of AI step by step to hold your hand. Remember, we pay for your AI as well. The boot camp videos are nice and concise and easy to follow. He overdelivers every time. If you put in the time, you certainly won't be disappointed. And by the end of the 15 days, by the way, he's added a lot more. You should know exactly what you're doing and start building your own trading boss. So, she mentioned something I didn't even mention. I said it's a 15-day boot camp, but I'm in the trenches with you, dude. I'm not going anywhere. So, now it's 62 days. So, there's a bonus for you. 45 extra days if you join today. I can tell you this is not one of those get-rich quick schemes. He doesn't just promise you're going to make a ton of money. He shows you how to find strategies. He shows you where to find them. In the Discord community, you have plenty of tried and tested strategies. Like I mentioned, you get 300 plus back tests and the community is lovely. The chat is popping. His staff are second to none and they're always there to help you. Even if you get stuck, we have a whole code help section. So, you're not alone. I'm here with you. Me and my team are going to help you at all times. After being in the boot camp, I would definitely recommend it to anyone who wants to get into crypto trading, trading bots. Take action. Don't be overwhelmed. Jump in and start the journey today. You will not be disappointed. All of this stuff was so hard for me to learn, but I made it so easy for you. You can see all of these case studies that are telling you over and over that this is the best way to learn how to build a trading bot. Batman says, "So far, my favorite goo group." I'll update this later after I have my bots running for a month or so, but this group is legit. If trading groups are like fantasy football, this is Dungeons and Dragons. The content is ridiculously awesome and to the point. The group is the most helpful of any group like military type support level and the freebies that come with it cover the cost multiple times over. Multiple times over top 1% Dutch says the real deal. If you want to be part of the top 1%, this is where you start. Forget all those get-richqu douche clown shilling payw wall info that you can get from AI for free. This is the real deal. I honestly would I would rather just keep it a secret. So all of the pains and the trials and tribulations I went through, I made it so easy for you to go through and learn everything so easily. Upgrade your trading. Paw says few few years later I have not found a better price or quality. best available Python dev in automating optimizing training environments to work and learn with a professional beginning with a minimal budget. So, let me ask you this. If all this package did was help you automate your trading to get one profitable trading bot, would it be worth would it be worth the $10,000? Yes, because on top of that, you get the Poly Market trading bot course. People are not trading with bots yet on Poly Market, but we are. Poly market is one of the newest, most edgefilled markets that individual traders like you and I can trade on. And I've figured out how to automate that. So, do you see how this is going to change your life? Isn't it worth $10,000 to have one profitable trading bot that trades for you for the rest of your life? Yes, of course. Of course. So, really, I had two choices. I could go ahead and make this super inexpensive and sell it to as many people as possible or I could go deeper on the value and just be there to hold your hand through the entire process. Now, obviously, I didn't want to go the cheap way. I wanted to go deep. I wanted to be able to stack on the value as much as possible. This guy says, "This is a great course for learning way more than you even wanted. There is a ton of alpha in this boot camp, and it's way more than I ever was looking for when I joined." Mundev goes above and beyond to deliver throughout the course. It's not just a boot camp, but it's a very valuable teaching if you're into learning this trading style, which is automated trading. This guy, he said, "That's cool. One of my bots that I set up watching you is pretty profitable, thanks to you." So, don't you think it's worth it, the 10,000 bucks to have a profitable trading bot? Of course. Like, answer me this. What is one profitable trading bot worth to you? Like if you could just leave here today with one profitable trading bot, what is that weight worth to you? How much would you pay for one successful bot? Yes, it's 10,000, 20,000. People people offer to pay me 25,000. You can see why people pay that much, right? But there's there's so many examples. This guy goes to Harvard. He's way ahead of me in coding. He says, "I love the intro of the boot camp. I'm about to save you 200 hours." And I said, "Yep, that's the goal." He said, "You overd delivered. I haven't even gone through the weekly codes yet. So, you do get the weekly codes. You can see you get weekly updates. Quantite 300 plus back test plus updates at the $3,997 value. The boot camp alone is a $3,000 value. You get the Solana copybot and the sniperbot course that took me so long to figure out and I figured it out for you. So, you can build on any bot on Solana. You can build any bot on Poly Market. And then I also give you the AI master classes which show you how to have AI do all the hard work for you. You can see this how this is $11,440 value. Right? All you need is one profitable trading bot and you'll make all of your money back. Right? So you just have to constantly learn. Fabon says it's life-changing education. I've never received this much value ever. That's insane. We have all of these people saying this is the best value ever mindset. Six months that open the doors I never thought possible. The past six months in the ALGO boot camp have been nothing short of transformational. It's not a trading course. It's a complete mindset shift. This program opened up new doors and opportunities I've never thought possible. Both personally and professionally. Mundev shows how it is next level, clear, actionable, and grounded in realworld experience. Every live session kept me sharp and inspired. I've walked away not only with a deeper skill set, but a new level of confidence in how I approach trading. It's amazing. It's amazing to see all of these reviews. Malik says, "Munda's course is amazing. And honestly, I don't even want more people to join because the information alone is pure gold. However, Mundev truly deserves this rating and so much more. So, you're going to get everything. You get the 15-day training bot step-by-step training. You get Quantite 300 plus back test plus algos that are updated each week. That's a $3,997 value. The Solana CopyBot and Sniper course, that's another $1,500 value. Poly Market Trading Bot course, one of the best markets I've seen in a long time. the AI master classes, so it can do all the heavy lifting for you. And then on top of that, we're going to jump on a live call every single week where I update you with my best new things. That's a $2,500 value at least. And there's more. There's more reviews. There's more case studies. This guy says, "I'm a programmer of automatic systems in Forex, and I'm thinking about starting cryptocurrencies as well. Until now, I have always invested discretionarily in this sector. I'm thinking about buying the course and I'm going to take a look at the discord. Tom says the course should be perfect for you. I'm also a developer and it got me up to speed very quickly with algo trading. He said thanks Tom. I already have some basic Python skills so should I should be get going pretty fast. The bad thing is that there's no dedicated platform like forex although MQ4 MQ5 are much more difficult. He said personally I much prefer Python to any dedicated platform. There's no restrictions on what you can do in your algos and lots of great libraries. So I teach Python in the course and of course the AI can do all of this for you so you don't have to worry about it. D Sandland says my bot is making money so get to coding and stop losing. I was the classic get stopped out daily and it pissed me off. Hence why I'm here now making money. Now making money. And you can see you get everything. You get the 15-day training train trading course, algo training camp, $3,000 value. Quantite $300, 300 plus back test plus more ALOS every single week. Salana copybot course, $1,500 value. The Quant Elite $3,997 value. Poly Market Trainbot course, another $1,900 value. AI master classes, $1,000 value. The inner circle, $2,500 value. The total value is over 13. It's almost $14,000. and you're going to get it today for 2,000 bucks, $1,997. Now, you really have two options from here. You can go back to hand trading, get liquidated, or you can just invest a little bit of time and a little bit of money. It's not even a cost at this point. It's an investment. It's an investment in a new way of trading, a better approach, the way that all of the big funds do it. If you had to hire a pro, it would probably cost $25,000 on Upwork. And it would take months of time, months of iterations just to get one bot out. But I'm trying to teach you how to build bots for the rest of your life for yourself. So, it's not a payment. It's an investment in your future. And like I said, I had two choices. Choice one, I could go ahead and say, "Hey, let's sell this to as many people as possible, and I can give them like some highlevel information." or I could go super deep, hold your hand, be in there in the community with you, jump on calls, give you all my code. And I went with option two. So, it's a little higher price, but it's much much deeper value. And you really have two choices. Choice one is to do nothing. Log off now and just take what I taught you and just do nothing. Go back to hand trading, get liquidated. You know how it goes. Or you can take the leap of faith and see if this works for you. It's worked for all of the people you've seen in the case studies. And not only that, there's a 100% money back guarantee. Eth says, "Moon, I got to say, thank you for sharing all this. It's really hard to find this kind of information organized anywhere. Even the Reddit stuff doesn't start doesn't start where you do, which is where most people need to start. You can see start now." If you're curious, I'm on the fence about buying the boot camp. Should I take the risk? I'm starting from ground zero. Zero co coding knowledge. looking for a push here. I need someone to help sell me. And ox said, if you're starting from zero, you shouldn't do it. If you're starting from zero, you should do it. Just know that it's not a magic pill. You have to put in the work. Mundev has laid everything out so that you can get up to speed very, very fast. I'm trying to cut your learning curve. And if you decide to join today, I'm not only gonna give you all of this, which is a $14,000 value. I'm gonna give you a couple bonuses, but this is just for today. It's just for today. Okay, these bonuses are crazy. Okay, this first bonus is insane. This took me 18 months of collecting this liquidation data, and I told you at that liquidation secret, you know, hiding behind other people's liquidations. When my bots want to enter long, they wait for somebody to get liquidated. They see somebody that has a $20 million position on and they're like, "Okay, well, this guy does not expect to lose his position. So, if he does lose the position, that's when we'll enter." That's how the banks do it. That's how the hedge funds do it. This liquidation data, you can go to Coinlass, Google it, Coin Glass liquidation data. For $900 per month, they'll give you 12 days of liquidation data. Today, if you join, you get 18 months. Not 12 days, they give you 12 days. I give you 18 months. This would take you 18 months to collect or $10,000 minimum. You get it free when you join today. But not only that, you get that 10K value of all that liquidation data, but you also get this dashboard where you can see everybody's positions. I give you the exact code so you can see literally every trader's positions and do things like I was telling you. Wait till this guy gets liquidated to enter. And boom, that's at least another $5,000 value. So already $15,000 of bonuses on top of this $14,000 package. It's $1,997. And it's not a cost. It's an investment in your future. So [snorts] not only that, you get a third bonus. You get my private GitHub with another 100 plus back tests and bots. This is where I upload my code. If you see me on YouTube, I'm always uploading code. So you get $22,500 of bonuses if you join today. And not only that, you get lifetime access. Everybody else before today, they joined, they joined on a subscription. They're paying thousands of dollars every month, dude. You get lifetime access. So, if I'm here for the next 10 years, you get lifetime access. All access pass to everything I drop in the future. Lifetime access. But that's only if you join today because these bonuses are obviously insane. That's $22,000 of bonuses. Now, there's one more testimonial that I really love. This one made me almost tear up here. He says, "Much appreciated when your team of doctors say you you're seven months past when you were projected to pass away." It kind of puts into perspective that there's people that deserve to know that I probably would have passed if it wasn't for [clears throat] people like you. My bots I've made from your ideas combined with mine paid off $186,000 of medical bills the last quarter of 2023. So, I just really got to say out of everyone I've ever come across, you've done the most to keep me alive and out of millions in debts. I'll never forget that. So, ask me any questions you have. There's a 100% money back guarantee. You can see everything you get today. It's over a $14,000 value plus 20,000 plus in bonuses. You can literally go to Coinlass right now and see it's $1,000 a month for 12 days of liquidation data and I'm giving you 18 months. So, that's way more than a $10,000 value. You're going to see everybody's positions. You'll never have to trade again by hand. You get my lifetime GitHub access where I upload all my code. You get lifetime access to everything. If you want to join right now, which I highly recommend, go to mundev.com/lifetime. Again, that's mund.comlfetime. I'll open this up to any questions here and answer every single question that you have. There's a 100% 90-day money back guarantee. So, the question is, is it worth gambling a few minutes? I mean, you gamble on the charts every single day. Gamble a few minutes, jump into the boot camp, know that there's a 90-day money back guarantee. You get everything on your screen, plus all of the bonuses if you do join today. And let me just put this into perspective for you. When people go to my my regular site and they try to join, they're going to pay thousands of dollars every single month. Every single month. But you get in for one simple payment of $1,997. You could go try to hire a pro going to cost you $25,000. You're going to be working with some dude in India that's going to take months on months, ask you the stupidest questions, and it's just going to wear you down. Like I said, I've worked with people on Upwork for years because I was scared to learn how to code and they would just drag me out. I spent $15,000 on a developer using credit. So, if I can as a college student spend $15,000 using credit that I did not have and I was able to figure it out, I think you can do the same thing. I think you can spend a fraction of that and learn the hard skill that would have saved me hundreds of thousands of dollars. So instead of going ahead and trying to hire somebody to do this for you, it's imperative that you learn how to do this yourself because at the end of the day, you're going to get everything you need to know in order to become an automated trader and never have to stare at these charts again. You get the 15-day algo trade camp. You can Google all the reviews. That's a $3,000 value. You get quantite. People are spending thousands of dollars every month for that. That's a $4,000 value, lifetime access. You never have to pay me for anything again. You get the Solana Copybot and the Sniperbot course. It's so hard to build for Solana. And I make it so easy for you. Poly Market may even be harder to build for. That's a $2,000 value. You also get access to today. you get the AI master classes so you know exactly how I use AI to do all the heavy lifting for me. And then every single Friday, we're going to jump on a live Zoom call. That's a $2,500 value. The whole package is $14,000 value, plus you get these three bonuses, which is another $20,000 value. Dude, this is like a $30,000 plus package if you join today and you get it for $1,997. The only question is, do you want to be a hand trader or do you want to keep trading by hand? So, are you ready to get started? If you are, go ahead and go to mundev.com/lifetime and you'll get started right now. You get access to everything right now. This is all making sense, right? Can you imagine? Can you imagine what's going to happen when you turn into a quant? You are a quant now. It's just whether you want to go the fast route or if you want to spend the next three, four, five years like I did trying to fiddle around and figure this all out. I'm trying to give you the fast pass. I know it's a hefty investment. I get that. But it's you're you're going to lose that money if you keep trading by hand. So, it's an investment in your future. Go to moonundev.com/lifetime and I'm going to show you absolutely everything. And I know like I know money is a weird topic, right? We're all taught to like hoard our money, but at the end of the day, we were given money as a tool to access things that can help us move forward in life. And we all have the disposable income. We all do. Look around. Like, I spent $50 on Uber Eats yesterday and I'll probably spend another $50 on Uber Eats tonight just because I'm lazy, dude. I could allocate that money for 10, 20 days and just pay this off instantly. And money always replenishes, right? It's always coming back to you. You spend some money, it's always coming back to you. Money is is meant to be a key to unlock knowledge that you need. You know, we got to break those old habits that we we have. We spend too much money on Uber Eats, drinking, things like that. Stuff that just you don't get anything from. This is knowledge that you will have for the rest of your life. And information alone, you know, sure, okay, go to AI, ask some questions. That might be helpful, but you don't have a community. You don't have stepbystep training videos. You don't have 300 plus back tests and algos instantly. You don't know how to set up Solana Sniperbot or CopyBot courses without this information. Nobody on the internet showing you this information. Nobody's showing you how to build for Poly Market. Nobody's showing you how to use AI to build trading bots. And nobody's going to get on a call with you every single week except for me if you join here today. So, you can see it's over a $14,000 value. The price is only $1,997. And that money will come back to you. Money always replenishes. And you know, I've been in business a long time. There's really two types of people in this world, right? There's money makers and excuse makers. Now, some of you are just going to leave today. You're going to have all this knowledge. You're going to go back to the charts. You're going to get liquidated and it's going to haunt you because I told you every single step you needed to take in order to automate your trading. And now I'm trying to just spoon feed you the actual code and everything in order to actually get a bunch of bots set up. So, you really have two choices. Do you want to do this alone and keep trading by hand, keep losing your money, or do you want to go ahead and step on the gas with me and the community? There's everything that you need. Every every question you have is answered in this boot camp. And all of these bonuses are absolutely insane. I hold your hand through the process. So, go to mundave.com right now. Click on the lifetime. Let's go to open link here. Okay. Let's go to mundave.com. moondev.com/lifetime and you'll see everything you're going to get. Okay, so you get the lifetime all access pass. All you have to do is click this claim your lifetime pass and you get everything, dude. You get the algo trade camp, you get quantite, you get the AI master classes, you get the Salana copybot courses, you get the Salana Sniperbot courses, you get the Polymarket Training Bot courses, you get the inner circle. Go ahead and click one of these buttons here because you get all the bonuses, too. And we are working with Stripe here. So, this price is going to be discounted. It's 2500, but the time you look at this, it's going to be $1,997. And I'm only lowering this price here today. So, you can go ahead and pay with crypto. You can pay with credit card. We all have some room on our credit. And then even you can even use CLA. So, CLA will allow you to split this up into monthly payments. It's actually going to be lower than this 120 because this price right here for normal people is going to be $2,500. But since you're here in this training, I wanted to give you a discount. It's $1,997. So, I want you to say goodbye to all the pain that you have as a hand trader. We're going to show you exactly how to automate your trading. And the the question is, do you want to do it now or do you want to just keep fiddling around and do it later? You're going to go through so much stress trading by hand if you keep trading by hand. Please don't do that anymore. You heard about all the things I lost in my life because I sat here and I trade by hand. You have no excuse in the world. You got a credit card, you've got crypto, and you have Clara payments if you're in the US. You know, I I wanted to change the world and I truly have. You can see all of the reviews on the website. I'm here. The one that's the seventh grade reject got it got held back. Just go to moundev.comlifetime. Click this button. You're going to get all of these bonuses as well. Any of these buttons here are going to take you directly to the log the login page. You just go ahead and pay. You'll see a cheaper price here because you made it through this entire training. And at the end of the day, if you're still on the fence, just go ahead, open your browser, jump in, see what's inside the boot camp, learn everything. Remember, dude, there's a 90day money back guarantee. So, really, you don't even have to say yes right now. Just say maybe. Jump in. If you have any questions, I'm here to answer them. Throw them in the chat. Let's go ahead and get you that road map I was talking about. If you go to munddev.com, mundave.comroadmap, I have a ton of questions I'll answer here because I know they're probably on your mind. But at the end of the day, this is the only place on the internet that is going to teach you exactly how to automate your trading. So what coding languages do you use for algo trading? I teach Python. So the reason I use Python is because it is the most versatile and there's so many packages that are already built for you to make this process so much easier. So if you're ready to get started, go ahead and go to moonundev.com/lifetime. It is a re reduced price just because you made it through this training. So I know on my screen you can see it's a higher price, but you're going to have it at $1,997 and you get all these bonuses. Nobody else is getting these bonuses. So make sure to jump in and if you have any questions, feel free to leave them in the chat. Let me go ahead and keep going through some of these questions here. Do you trade crypto or forex? I trade crypto, but there's so many people and you saw the case studies that trade forex, stocks, and futures. I like crypto because that's I just like the whole like revolt against the system and I've always been into crypto. They say how do you run your bots from the uh the cloud or how do you do you run your bots from your computer? I actually run my bots from the cloud and I show you exactly how to run them from the cloud. So you'll learn all that when you join today. mundev.comlifetime. So, just go there, click this link, click one of these links here on mund.com/lifefetime, put your credit card information in, check it out. If it's not for you, don't worry. There's a 100% money back guarantee. And like I said, you can use credit card. I spent 15k on my first app that I built in college that I didn't have. And I was able to run that to millions of dollars. So, if I would have been able to do that with my actual coding skills I have now, dude, I like I said, I'd be way way richer. So, uh there's really no excuse. If I can do it, you can do it, too. If you have any questions, let me know in the chat. But go to moonundab.com/lifefetime to get started. And let's go through some of these more these questions on the road map. In the meantime, somebody asked if there's a return policy. Yes, there's a 90-day money back guarantee. 90-day money back guarantee. That's amazing. Do you use market orders or limit orders? I always use limit orders because it's three times less expensive and most traders get chopped up because they're spending too much on market orders. Do you have a community? Yes, the community is robust and we're all working together to ta chase Jim Simons who is a $ 31 billion algorithmic trader and you're going to you're going to know everything that I know in order to chase him and we can chase him together. How can you get in touch with me? I am always available inside of Discord and you have direct email access to me. Can you build a bot for me? Like I said, people pay me $25,000 to build a bot. And I prefer to teach you how to build bots because then you know how to fish for the rest of your life. You can feed yourself for the rest of your life. You're going to have more ideas next month, next year, the following year, the following year. Trading is never going away. Markets are never going away. So, I would rather instead of you paying me $25,000 to build a bot for you, one bot, I would rather teach you how to build bots so you can build a hundred bots for the rest of your life opposed to you paying me $25,000 for every single bot. Do you see how much more powerful this is? Like I said, there there's two types of people in this world. People who make excuses, and there's people who make money. So, which one are you? I think I know which one you are. I know you're a doer, not a dabbler. There's doers, there's dabblers. So go to mundave.com/lifetime and if you have any questions throw them in the chat below and I'll answer them. Why do I teach algo training? I teach it because I believe code's a great equalizer and this is the first thing that got me to actually learn how to code. Can I pay for the boot camp in crypto? Yes. Go to moonundev.comlifetime right now. Click claim your lifetime pass. When you go there, you can pay with crypto. You can pay with card. And Stripe is our payment processor. You can also pay with CLA if you want to pay payments over over the next 24 months. You have no excuse other than you just want to go back to gambling. And I know you don't want to gamble anymore. You want to be a quant. You are a quant. You know everything I know. And in this boot camp, you're going to see step by step how to implement and execute. absolutely everything. So, these bonuses are for today only. I'll let this run till midnight. Okay? Till midnight. That's it. Once that once midnight hits, the bonuses are gone. The price going back to at least 2500, but it's going up soon. So, it'll probably be 5,7500. I'm not sure yet, but it's going to be exponentially more. And nobody's going to get the bonuses. So, you're not going to get the private GitHub. You're not going to get the be able to see everybody's positions. You're not going to get the 18 months of liquidation data, which would literally cost $10,000. You're not going to get the calls with me. If you try to sign up any other time, the only thing you'll get is the 15-day Tradingbot step-by-step boot camp, and it's going to be $3,000. So, today you get lifetime access. Never have to pay me anything ever again. And it's only $1,997. And like I said, money always replenishes. I know you've been down bad before and guess what? That money comes back, doesn't it? We all have disposable income. We all spend money in places we shouldn't. We all have little bad habits that if we just broke, we could just allocate some of that cash to actually learning something that can change our lives. But that's it. That's all I have for you today. Um, if you have any questions, I you can always reach me at moonalgotracamp.com. That's moonalgotradecamp.com. But these bonuses will not be here after tonight. So, if you want to join right now and get everything you see on the screen, the 15-day trading bot algo trade camp, which you can see hundreds of reviews online, the AL the Quant Elite 300 plus back test plus ALOS plus updates every single week, that's a $4,000 value. The Salana copybot course, the Sniperbot course, that's a $1,500 value. The Poly Market Trading Bot course, that's a $1,950 value. the AI master classes, so you the AI can do all the heavy lifting. That's a $1,000 value. The inner circle access, it's literally access to me every single week on Zoom, so you can ask any question you have and I'm always updating you with the newest things that I figure out. So, you have me as a resource that's constantly building and you see me on live every single day, dude. You know, I'm finding new secrets every single day. And I just bring the most the most heat to you every single Friday. So everything I figure out, you learn every single Friday. But that's only if you join today. If you join any other time, you're not going to get all of this stuff on the page. You can get the boot camp and it's going to be $3,000 alone. Plus, if you join today, you get 45 extra days on the boot camp. Because like I said, I'm not leaving. I've been here for years updating the boot camp every single week. So, now we're on day 70 or 62. We have 62 training videos for you. So, you can absolutely step on the gas. And like I said, dude, money. People make money or they make excuses. And I don't think you're a dabbler. I think you're a doer. So, I want to congratulate you for making it through this training. I hope this has been mindblowing for you. I want to make sure that you got that road map. Again, you just go to moonundev.com/roadmap and you get access to my full road mapap and that will show you step by step. You know, if you want to do this alone, you can kind of attack some of it alone. It's going to take way longer, but I think this is a good road map for you to get your wheels turning. So, you can go to moonab.com/romap and get that. But I highly recommend, you know, there's a few hours here that you can get in with all these bonuses. Just go to mundev.com/lifetime. You get lifetime all access pass. Click one of these buttons. Claim your lifetime pass. mundev.com/lifetime. Go ahead, sign up. You can see it's 2500 right now. It's going to be 5,000 or 7500 here soon. You get it for $1,997. I will honor this price here. You get all of these bonuses, everything here. And if you ever try to sign up in the future, it's just going to be this first line item, which is a 15-day boot camp. And in reality, when you join today, you get a 62day boot camp. So that's more than a $3,000 value. Um, any other time you join, it's going to be 3,000 bucks and you're going to get onetenth of what you see on this page. So that's all I got for you. Go to moonv.com/lifefetime. If you have any questions, just shoot me an email at moonalotradecamp.com. I will see you today inside the members area. Me and hundreds of other algorithmic traders are sitting there waiting to step on the gas with you. I'll see you inside.