We're going to dive pretty deep into this hack. Again, uh I think this is very important to stay aware of. Uh if you see my YouTube title, it actually says $15 billion hack, not $292 million. This is um confirmed to be North Korea. Again, if you do the math here, that's 600 million in funds stolen in the last two months. No, sorry, one month. So, the reason I'm saying this is a $15 billion hack, not a $292 million hack, is simple. You look at one chart here. Look at one chart here. Where's that freaking chart at? Where's that freaking chart at, dude? Okay, here we go. Look at this. TVL in crypto defi total value locked $99 billion. After this hack, there's $85 billion. 99.4 to 85.6. That's why I'm calling this a $15 billion hack, not a $292 million hack. And the reason I'm sure maybe being a little dramatic here with it, it's not it's 15 billion dollars that has been pulling from crypto. TVL is down 15 billion dollars in one day. So, I don't like to fearmonger. It's just I'm I'm an algorithmic trader. I have to be extremely aware to this and get to the point before others do. 99 billion down to 85 billion. That's $15 billion change because of one hack. Of course, it's been on a steady decline as well. It's actually might be a pretty solid indicator here now that I look at it. Kind of tells you what state of crypto we're in. TVL going up, TVL going down. God, I love this game, dude. I'm looking at TVL for something entirely different. And then I just got a great idea. Look at TVL. Look at the way TVL is going. And that tells you. Now, I don't know this for sure. It's just an idea, but you know me. I'm always researching, back testing, or incubating. But the bottom line is is people are running around saying it's a $292 million hack when in reality it's $15 billion that has been removed from the market. and there's nobody to answer where the money's going to be covered from. So, let's dive into this a bit here. Now, when you do join the Zooms, you do get a bunch of goodies. You get the Zoom. You can chat with me, ask me any questions you have. That's what you get for the five bucks. So, if you feel like joining, join. There's also some bonuses here. You're going to get the replay of yesterday's Zoom. You're going to get today's Zoom. That's going to be about three hours, maybe more, maybe less. Probably more. Usually, not less. You get the replay of last Zoom. and you get the replay of this Zoom. So, these are the bonuses I'm going to get prepared for you right now before we dive deep into this hack and see what it actually means for us as traders. Again, I'm not here just to fearmonger. I'm I'm here doing the research I personally need to do. And this entire time, I've just been doing what I need to do, dude. I'm getting I'm the getting the systems built that I need built. So, again, I'm very very aware of people fear-mongering right now. I'm very aware of that, but this is actually what I need to do today and I've already come up with a great idea based off of this. So, let me go ahead and write that down. These are the bonuses you get. You get the API, you get the Moondev AI, and you get the Mundev app. So, the Mundev AI is controlled by the API. The Mundev app is unlocked by the API. I'm going to put these links and everything in the chat here. Um, at the end of the day, there's been 15 billion dollars removed from crypto in one day due to this hack. So, it's not some $292 million hack. There is there may be contagion here. And I'm very um aware of that. Not scared. I'm very cozy. Been in crypto for a long long time. Very cozy in these types of situations. The numbers are the numbers, though. We're going to get deeper into that $292 million that was stolen by North Korea. And I said this a few days ago. I said it's clear that between hackers and AI, crypto's kind of cooked. Like at the end of the day, AI is getting better. We already got hackers that are focused full time on this. You know, North Korea funds their whole their whole uh shits based off of stealing from DeFi. They've taken like $8 billion or something. Okay. So, if the AI keeps getting better and they're fully focused on it, it's a tricky situation. I'm a big crypto guy. This is coming from I love love love crypto. Been in crypto for a long, long time. Just staying aware. All my systems are also in crypto. So, I got to stay locked. I got to stay locked, bro. Of course, this is all opinion, but it's based off of data. So, let's get you that key first and foremost. When you do join here today, you do get the key. And if this is a replay or something like that, you can get the key tomorrow. Get the the app, all those freebies. It's just five bucks to join the Zoom. And then I can say hello to you. I can talk to you because I know you're actually serious about this game. You're not one of those dudes on the outside that can't afford a five. You can't afford a five. You a you you are not going to algo trade. Let's get it, dude. Ali, how are you, bro? Good to see you. Will, hello. Hello, Dr. Inker 777. I wish I was involved. What she said? Jesus. Nah, bro. We don't need to you don't need to hack anybody, dude. Smart comment to announce on the internet. Lol. He said, "Who me?" Yeah, you. Yeah, you. Dude, where is the money right now? Lol. Let's see what this hack means. Bro, I need 40 million strategies. Um, yeah, strategy is good. Stay on the White House side. Nothing is worth giving your freedom. Always stay on the White House side. Nothing is worth giving your freedom up. No need to steal from people. North Korea is not an organization you want to learn from. I'm sorry. It's not It's not who we want to be learning from, dude. Not who we want to be learning from. I'mma put the keys and everything in the chat. North Korea got AI that's advanced now. Absolutely. What does the hack mean? Means I can get a piece finally or what? Wishy says Wishi is saying all this wack stuff. I'm not saying any of this. I do not endorse any hacking. Um in the past when people say they want to hack or they do sketch stuff, I kick them out of the chat. I know Wishi's just joking because I know Wishy for a long time. How do I get the road map and the API key? There's no road map unfortunately, but you get the API key here. Help me understand how you are using liquidation data to predict and also kind of features you are engineering to make it predictive. CC, those are good questions, dude. Um, unfortunately I can't teach here today, but if you do want me to teach some of that stuff, I do have an event here at the end of the month. Moonab.com/learn. Today is a very important day. I'm doing very important research and then I'm going to build some stuff as well. So, you can see on Wednesday, April 29th, mundab.com/learn if you want to actually learn how to get your bots live. It's going to be a three-hour intensive where I can answer all those beginner questions like yours. Thank you. uh today. You have the keys now in the chat. Um you got the API key. You've got everything, all the bonuses that you've asked for. Now, let's absolutely cook. First off, let's go ahead and reiterate why this is a $15 billion hack, not a $300 million hack. Okay, you look at the TVL on April 18th, 99 billion. Today, 85 billion. Crazy. Crazy. 15 billion has been wiped out of crypto. Okay. So, what does that mean? Well, what's going on with crypto right now? Okay. And this is this is the boomer in me. This is the fear in me. If there's been two hacks in crypto in the last 3 weeks, what does this mean for public companies? I mean, if AI is advancing, North Korea is advancing, what does this mean for public companies? I'm not going to go there today. I just thought I'd float the idea. Like I mean if all these DeFi are getting hacked, I hope that everybody else has some some good security here as well. CC is my partner. Can you explain not teach if that's what we call it? But we have a very advanced system built and we are trying to figure out the first step into layering open claw on top. if you don't mind simply just giving quick advice on that. Don't need much teaching, just advice. My advice is to lock the [ __ ] in because anything I can figure out, you can figure out and you're probably ahead of me on Open Claw. So, I mean, what you want? You want me to go figure it out for you and then come tell you because I can do that. I can do that. But I'm not even using OpenClaw. I told y'all already. I think Claude Claude in in browser is good enough for the task that I'm using right now. But when I need OpenClaw, I'll go ahead and step on the gas again. I got everything set up. Much love to you. Thank you. Okay, so let's dive deep into this $15 billion hack. It's 292 million. That's what everybody says which nobody can find a use case for OpenClaw except for slop. But when somebody finds a use case, you know, we're going to hear it here first. We're going to hear it right here first. So if you're locked in on the Zoom every single day, you're going to hear about it. If you're not, then it's all good. I'll hear about it cuz look at this. I get good questions. And you know what? That makes me think. You're welcome, Will. It's good to see you back again. All right, let's go through this hack. So, 15 billion has been wiped out of crypto. Okay. Boom. Um, a down obviously. Let's go see what A is doing here. A just Oh my god. Oh my god. A just fell off the map here. um broke down broke down heavy. Okay, so a the problem here. Okay, I'm going to give you my synopsis of what happened. Let me do that before I go into all this slop I'm about to read. Okay, so my synopsis of what happened. A had a market ran by Kelp, some DAO. Okay, and their [ __ ] got hacked. They essentially got into two servers. North Korea got into two servers and faked all the servers and then was able to make them reply rely on a third server that they were able to [ __ ] up and then essentially they pulled the $292 million out. Okay, they pulled it out in this weird ETH variation. It was like RS ETH or whatever. Okay, $292 million in RS ETH that they swapped to W E, which is WET, which is the main ETH that runs on A. Okay, now what's happening is that everybody that is using A and has money backed with WET, they can't get their money out. So, while it is a $292 million hack, yes, technically there's a lot of people that now can't pull their money out. Because the utilization rate is at 100%. Long story short, you can see, okay, borrowed 100% here on this one. Don't know what this is actually. Wrapped liquid ETH. Okay, there's a lot of these approaching 100%. So, you have to look at the other side as well. You can see these borrow rates are not spiking because they pushed a new model out that essentially spikes them slowly. So if this would have spiked because all of the money is borrowed, then people would have been incentivized to uh add more supply and it might be able to selforrect. But right now what's happening is there's pretty much a hole of $292 million. Now a does have an insurance fund, but it's only worth $50 million. Now the other part of their insurance is actually in a ETH. So if they really want to call on their insurance fund and fill the whole $292 million, they have to sell A. They have to sell ETH. And that's bad for obviously AI a price and ETH price. Okay, I saw that yesterday. I I bought into all this yesterday. Okay, started going down the rabbit hole. Um, and that's when I went from, okay, just another hack in crypto, yada yada, [ __ ] that. Well, who cares? Not who cares, like sad for them, but like it just happens. It's part of crypto. It's part of the game. That's when I went from like, oh, [ __ ] There's no there's no backs stop for this. There's nobody that can repay this. A can't repay it. And then you see everybody's announcements and they're all just kind of pointing fingers at each other. So, long story short, somebody stole $300 million. There's no insurance for it. There's insurance for 50 million of that 300. So, let's say there's $250 million still left um in the realm to be paid for. And the worst part about that is that money is staked against real funds and you have big funds. You have the Ethereum Foundation has $50 million locked. Like there's big boys that have not been they have not said that they're [ __ ] yet essentially is what I'm trying to say. So kind of like FTX played out. It's like there's a lot of people a lot of dead bodies I think that are just hoping that a will go up hoping that ETH will go up hoping that all of crypto will go up to save them. But there's nobody backstopping this. Now, I was kind of kidding the other day when I said, "Yo, if Hyperliquid wants to be the House of Finance, they should back backs stop this [ __ ] They should just go throw 300 mill at it." They don't have that, though, cuz they've been burning it. They've been burning all their cash. They've been burning all their cash. Anyways, 777, much love. Let's go ahead and dive into the actual facts because I feel like yeah, my explanation was okay, but I I obviously can't I can't explain it like smart smart people in this world. So, let's go let's go read some smart people. A has a $200 million in bad debt and 50 million in insurance. Okay, that's kind of the core premise here. Who's paying the other 150 is my question as well. So, A's insurance covers 50 million. The hole is 196 million. So, already not great. The remaining 146 million, no automatic path needs the government's vote. The votes, the voters are the same people who got slashed or diluted. Jesus, dude, it's not funny. It's not funny because the thing is, dude, we're all here because of a I used to say, "Buy the banks. Buy the banks." That's like a killer use case. And even yesterday, I was thinking about buying the dip. Thank god I didn't. I mean, as of now, at least. Maybe I'll eat my words. I hope I eat my words. Really, I hope I eat my words because I don't want to see people lose money. That's also why I'm kind of diving into this today because we got to be aware. We got to be aware what's going on. It's not It's not a $292 million hack. It's much bigger than that. And people aren't taking that seriously. So, we suppliers have the biggest risk. They can't vote. So, everybody that has supplied WET, that's wild. you're kind of locked right now. And I've definitely supplied we before. I wasn't at the time. Anybody that's on Hyperlid right now, they went from a to Hyperlid. I'm just saying, dude, this is bigger. This is bigger than everybody thinks. All the Hyperlid fanboys out there, they started at A. I bet Jeff was a big A user. So it's like this is this is a big thing. Anyways, web suppliers have the biggest risk. They can't vote. The debt is in ETH. Treasury in is in stables. Every ETH tick up equals a bigger hole. No proposal filed. Oh, so it's actually bad if ETH goes up. H, that's interesting. This was definitely the Lazarus group. No proposal. filed, no vote scheduled, no timeline. What is Umbrella? Umbrella is their insurance. It essentially replaced AB's old safety module in late 2025. You stake a tokens like a earn extra yield and in return you accept the slashing risk. If bad debt shows up in a pool, umbrella automatically burns your staked assets to cover it. No vote, no human. The contract just fires. Sounds solid, right? In its first month, total bad debt across all a pools was 400. Not 400 million, not 400k, $400 only against 9.5 billion in borrows. The system was built for small drips. Then, Kelp Dow got exploited for $292 million and dropped 196 million of bad debt into West Pool overnight. The other money went to other um like compound and whatnot. umbrella covers 25% then what the west umbrella vault on Ethereum holds about 50 to 55 million again 50 to 55 million while the debt is 196 million where's that money coming from is my biggest question that's a good amount of money somebody needs to cover it up umbrella fires covers what it can then it's empty so now you got a one of the best platforms in the world with 150 million in debt For the remaining 146, there's no automatic mechanism, no pre-built waterfall. Everything past this point needs a governance vote. Damn, dude. Options being discussed. And this is where it gets bad is because they're all kind of pointing fingers at each other like you do this, you do this. Options being discussed on the A governance forum right now. Dow treasury 65 to 85 million non a assets STK a slashing up to 20% of stake a token issuance new supply equals dilution damn if they had to fork a that would be miserable we supplier haircuts depositors take a pro out of loss so that means that everybody that's holding we um on on a I think would just take a hit. External debt facility borrow against 140 million in annual revenue. I think they have more than 140 in annual revenue. They have more revenue than that. But um let's see here. I think it's like a few hundred million. This is the part that makes me go, wait, what? Who votes on which options? A token holders. Who gets slashed or diluted if they pick stake a slashing or issuance? A token holders. Who has the most at risk if nothing gets decided? We suppliers who hold a WT not a they can't vote. The people with the most to lose have no governance power. The people with voting power have every reason to push the loss somewhere else. For context, stake a slashing has never been activated. Not once, ever. Even during the curve bad debt event, which is in 2022, 1.7 million. Literally 100x smaller. The only stress test is 100x smaller. That's crazy. Governments chose to use the Treasury instead of slashing stakers. That's a good move because if they slash people, nobody's going to want to use a anymore as a thing. And let's be honest, dude. Like there are plenty of places you can get 5% yield on your money now. And this sucks, dude. Coming. I love crypto, bro. I love it. I've been The only reason we're all here is for my love for crypto. So this this deeply saddens me. I love a I love a I love the power it gave us. Allows us to be our own bank. But this is the risk. You're literally allowed to put all your crypto on a boom. And then take a loan against it. Boom. That's fire. What I'm watching for a first formal governance proposal. So, we need some we need some words out of these guys. A really didn't say anything. Attacker wallet activity. Funds are frozen in lending positions right now. And you saw Justin's son. He's trying to negotiate with the attacker. That's how bad it is. But everybody's acting like, "Oh, this is just another hack. And I don't know, maybe I'm overreacting, but this is my job, you know, this is my job to dive deep into this. And I might be overreacting for sure, but I'd rather overreact than underreact when it comes to something that has contagion risk. And I know I'm scorned. I get it. I get it. I saw FTX. I saw Luna. I was in it. I was trading that. I get that. Cold wallets FT for the win. I always think that as [ __ ] the world, dude. So I read that as co wallets. [ __ ] the world. But whatever. Either way, I say Mount Gaus. Yeah, Mount Gaus. Bliss been here since Mount Gaus. I came in right after Mount Gaus. 777. Kelly AI. Defi is so GG. What can one do? That's the thing. Our our AI is getting so good, dude, that of course there's going to be more hacks in DeFi. And that's that's scary. So my friend has been seeing that people have been using OpenClaw to automatically trade make trades and manage positions. We were just wondering and confused how people actually are clawed to make trades. I thought you said you were deep into this game, gang. All right, let's keep it going, dude. Very sad to see the recent drift and kelp DAO security incidents. These were hard blows to DeFi. In the last two days alone, DeFi TVL shrank almost 15 billion. And that's where I got that 15 billion dumber from. 15 billion is crazy. But it makes me relate even more to what Santiago has been preaching for the last few weeks. The risk ratio, riskreward ratio of DeFi simply isn't attractive anymore. Don't get me wrong, I'm a big fan, a DeFi fan and a strong advocate for the entire financial industry moving on chain. But what you get right now from DeFi are exciting yields for a insane risk profile. Unexiting yields. Unexiting yields. And the cherry on top is a horrible UX. Yeah, I mean I kind of agree with that sentiment of it's just not worth the riskreward to be lending on a obviously. But big A guy. Big A guy, dude. Big A. I'm a big A. I'm a big avocado. I'm going to read through this now because this is the report given from layer zero. And let's go ahead actually let's just go ahead and use AI here cuz I'm tired of reading already. So you already have the keys and stuff. And in case you don't have the keys, here are the keys. I want you to read through this and think like a hacker. You're part of the North Korea hackers. Um, I'm an algorithmic trader and I'm looking at this from a safety standpoint and risk to crypto standpoint. I need you to go ahead and launch two agents to look into this. Um, here I'm I'm going to just post the article here and essentially look into this and find the biggest threat and also ease my mind a little bit both when it comes to what happened on layer zero. Explain it short and concisely. explain the biggest hole you see the biggest threat to crypto and the biggest uh like relief. Okay, so Kelp Dow incident. I just attached the uh article. Please go ahead and um also shortly and concisely explain what the article said. Okay, I'm going to send this to all of my AIS, all six of them. Do APIs expire after a period? Yes, they are. They're active for one day. So, the website you joined on this one here, April 20th, 11:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m., you get the 3-hour private Zoom, which is now. You can chat with me, ask any questions you may have. You get the replay of last Zooms as well. So, this is how we do it every day. Last play, replay. So, you get two for one. And then you also get the replay of this Zoom. Okay? And then it's a 90-day no questions asked money back guarantee. Even if you're one of those dudes that jumped in here without reading the page and you're like, "Oh, I thought I was going to get the API key for life, or I thought I was going to get it right when I joined the uh $5 page. I didn't know I had to arrive for the Zoom. I didn't know it was only 24 hours." Whatever the reason is, it's a 90-day no questions asked money back guarantee. So, if you can't read or you just don't like me or you just are illiterate, you know, it's all good. 90day money back guarantee. No questions asked. Here are the keys. They are 24-hour access as you can baby see on the screen. Maybe read on the screen. Much love to you. All right, let's see what's Gucci. So, she's diving deep. I I got all of them going on this. Nice, bro. You're Solana Risk. Okay. And she's in all of my repos as well. So, that's actually kind of fire. Holy hell. That's actually smart as fudge. Poly market trading all of this. What the hell? We're going to close that. I don't know where you're at. Okay, so let me get some coffee for this one because this is going to be heat, bro. This is going to be heat. Heat. Heat. I got mad questions, too. So, I'm going to start asking these questions here. So, how do they fill the hole? You know, it's a $292 million hole. They've got 50 million as their back. Uh a has 50 million as their backup. It seems as of now everybody's pointing fingers at each other's pointing at Kelp. Um A is not saying [ __ ] etc. So it's like how do you fill that hole and can you also look into this as well? Because if all utilization rates are up to 100% that means that anybody on the other side of that trade also can't access their money. So they're going to do whatever they can to hedge that out. And what does that mean for yeah all of this? Okay, I got mad questions. So I'm just going to go ahead and read through these and get my questions here. So Lazarus, which is um they didn't break layer zero's code. This is North Korea's hacker team or whatever. They didn't break layer zero's code. They broke the infrastructure underneath it. swap binaries to two op girth opth RPC nodes that kelp dowo's loan verifier was reading the malicious nodes told the truth to everyone except the verified IP then got dedosed uncompromised RPCs to force failover DVN signed off on fake crosschain messages 290 million drained from RS ETH kelp DAO had been warned repeatedly to use multidv VN see they're pointing fingers at Kelp DAO to use multidvn and chose one of one anyway protocol itself worked as designed blast radius contained to that one app you know it probably is somebody's fault but when you got a pointing fingers and you got layer zero pointing fingers yeah okay it is kelp's fault but it doesn't matter like the money's gone that's the problem we need to get these [ __ ] up in there in a room and talking to each other and figuring this out or else crypto's cooked beat. I'm sorry. And again, I'd rather overreact than underreact to this. But that's just my risk profile. You know, I'm a little [ __ ] when it comes to regulation. Of course, I'm going to be a little [ __ ] when it comes to hacks, dude. I'm going to always be on the risk side. I'm older than you. If I was still 20, if I was still 20, okay, my DJ Mod is like, "Yeah, okay. Another 300 million gone from crypto. Let's run it up." You know what that means? That means the only use case of crypto is memecoins. That's Mundave in his DGEN mode. But in his UNK era, in his UNC era, he's like, damn, contagion. This happened with FTX. It's happening with Luna. So, it just is what it is. You know, there's multiple moons, right? Biggest hole threat to crypto. RPC infrastructure is a soft underbelly of the entire off-chain verifier layer. Every bridge oracle centralized exchange deposit scanner and liquid staking a test store reads chain state through RPC servers run by humans on ownable boxes. The nightmare primitive Lazarus just proved as scale IP selective lying feed the verifier a custom reality while monitoring dashboards see nothing wrong. That's a little scary. sitting ducks any one of N setup oracle networks concentrated on infura alchemy centralized exchange crediting pipelines light client bridges LRTs still on thin verifier configs the biggest relief layer zero's modular DVN design did its job nice job layer zero zero contagion on other OOPS anyone on two plus independent DV VN was mathematically safe from this attack. Layer 0 is refusing to sign for one of one configs going forward. The specific vector is being closed. Your trading stack is insulated. Okay, beautiful. Your checklist any e exposure? No, but I've got [ __ ] exposure to the internet. Okay, great. So, let's go ahead and see if there's any other questions here. I've got some more things to go through here. So, we already read through what happened. Biggest hole layer layer zero labs own DVN was the single point of failure and they're partially blaming the victim. They recommended multi DVN but never enforced it at the protocol level. Now, post hack, they suddenly refuse to sign for one of one. That's an admission they could have pre prevented this with a policy change before the 290 million. Damn. So low key, low key, everybody's pointing fingers when it was lowkey layer zero's fault as well. biggest threat to crypto. RPC poisoning is a new class of nation state attack and it generalizes the exact same killchain binary swap plus asymmetric line plus DDOS force failover plus self-destruct is replayable against any bridge oracle offchain verifiers wormhole guardians chain link OCR observers other DVNs centralized exchange withdrawal assigners that pull RPCs for confirmations rollup sequencers and perex oracles feed the feed that drive your liquidations. DPRK just demonstrated pure infa tradecraft, no fishing, no fake recruitment, which is a capability escalation from their usual human scene playbook. Interesting, dude. So, talk to me a little bit more about this as well. Seems like this is a new type of hack that is going towards the RPCs. I mean, doesn't this kind of prove that crypto is not decentralized? What's the Yeah, what's up with that? Okay, so I see that one. I won Karina. Okay, thank you. On the boom.com/arrenena/leerboard, when somebody wins, it used to show a button that allows them to claim their winnings. So, on the past competitions, for example, Wowski won one, but now he doesn't see the button that allows him to claim the free NFT on the five minute. I'm assuming this is the same for the weekly. Go ahead and fix that. Thank you. I think this is my server. It might not be though. There it is. zero vulnerabilities, zero key compromise, zero crosschain contagion. Beautiful. That's good to see. Uh I do want to look through this one before I lose it. Kelp Dow ran at one of one layer zero DVN single verifier. biggest hole. The porse modem never explains how root was obtained on two independent clusters. How do you think root was obtained on two independent clusters on the OP GU nodes? They didn't mention that in the article. Thinking from Lazarus standpoint, what did they do? Okay. No cloud provider named, no CVE, no credential theft store. If it was an OP GE zero day or a cloud supply chain pivot, that's a disclosure owed to every L2 operator on Earth. And the silence is the loudest signal also unanswered. Whether the layer zero DVN signed any non-kelt messages during the poisoned window and then what about layer zero labs DVN signing non-keelt messages? Is that did that like what's what's the status on that? I got mad questions here. B. Okay, so biggest threat to crypto not bridges are dead. The real threat is trader traders. Uh trader traders. Damn. Trader traders. Interesting. Other parallel campaign aimed directly at you. Trojanized npm pip messages. Sleek pretty hit polymarket bot devs. April 10th. Oh boy. Axios npm compromised. April 1st. 36 malicious Reddus Postgress packages this month. Fake recruiter DMs with coding challenge repos. Hijacked GitHub. Nice. A solo algo traders package lock. Don't use any npms for now, bro. No npms. Biggest relief. Zero contagion. Beautiful. Beautiful. Beautiful. your action items as an algo trader. Don't hold RS ETH. Okay, let's see if there's any other alpha because each of these have been different, which is awesome to see. So, okay, so here's the article said, uh, okay, I already read that. Biggest hole, the truth to observers, lie to the victim. RPC primitive is the scary reusable weapon, not the one of one config. It defeats anomaly detection indexers and third-party monitors because only the target's IP sees the poisoned view. Pair it with a DDoS failure trigger and you have a playbook against any verifier, Oracle, relayer or bridge that trusts RPCs. It didn't build itself. Wormhole Axler. Okay. Biggest threat to crypto. Lazorus moved up the stack. Buybit last year was a hot wallet. Key compromised. Buttons back. Nice, dude. Thank you. This is an infrastructure layer subversion. They now have 290 million of fresh working capital for the next 6 to 12 months of ops. Containment is real. Layer zero's modular architecture actually did what it is advertised. Nice job, dude. Nice job. I did warn you about the npm hack. Nice. I appreciate you. I don't use npm, which is far. Uh, could have been as simple as the git overflow buffer. There are many zeroday exploits that people never hear about. All right, let's see here. The uncomfortable truth. Layer Zero's protocol worked as designed is technically true, but rhetorically slippery. They shipped a product where a non-security expert integrator could pick a forgeable config. Zero contagion is unverifiable from outside. Treat that line as PR, not proof. That's what I'm saying, dude. All so far, nobody's answering any questions. And that's what makes me sketched out about this is why isn't anybody giving us like a, hey, it's going to be okay. Hey, this is what happened. This is how we're filling the hole. Hey, this is how people are going to be able to unlock their money on a like there's a lot of money locked up. and 15 billion gone from crypto that probably is not going to come back for a while. I mean, it'll come back from other people. It will come back. Like, we know that. Curious to see what's going on here in the market today. A down. Obviously, they don't have real answers. Yeah, that's probably true. That's probably true. It's probably true. Chill guy is up because there are some chill guys right now and I'm not one of them. I'm not a chill guy. I'm not a chill guy right now. Else would cause panic. I think this is causing more panic from my standpoint. For me personally, I'm panicking more because I it's been two days now with no answers and the only messages we've had is like it's that guy's fault. It's that guy's fault. It's that guy's fault. So for me, this is causing more panic. COA is lost here. Well, your name has Forex in it, so that probably makes sense. You know, if you're not locked in on crypto, then you might not know what happened. But essentially, there was a big big hack. A big big big big hack. Okay, let's see. Uh okay, so 290 million drained here. We'll read this because uh KA is lost. On April 18th, 2 days ago, Kelp DAO's RS ETH was drained for $290 million attributed to the North Korean group. The layer zia zero protocol was was not broken. The attackers compromised two downstream RPC nodes that layer zero labs DVN relied on swapped the binaries DDoS the healthy RPCs to force failover and served forged data only to DVN's IP while showing clean data to Ether scan that's so deep dude that is such a deep hack back. The force messages let the DVN attest to transactions that never happened. Blast radius was limited to kelp DAO because they ran a oneofone DVN config. A single point of failure layer zero had explicitly warned them about the biggest hole here. RPC is unauthenticated trust route for all of crypto bridges, DVNs, oracles, centralized exchange deposit crediting, MEV infra, and even reststaking as all treat ETH call responses as ground truth. No signed responses, no Merkel proofs by default. The killer technique here is to is view dependent truth. The poison node lied only to the victim's IP. So every dashboard stayed green. DDoS as failover trigger means attackers don't need to own the primary RPC just the fallback list and end independent DVNs is theater if they all resolve to infura alchemy quick node shards or some AWS lol. Nope. not necessarily lost about crypto, but I thought it was about showing how to build the AI. What AI and what did you think? I'm happy to answer any questions you do have here. Bot bots don't feel that's why they win. See over a quant shoulder in private zoom three-hour private live. Watch as I build and trade. So, this is the first step of building anything is coming up with the idea. I follow a a framework called the RBI framework. I'm always researching new ideas or back testing those ideas or incubating them into bots. So, one of those three things I'm doing every single day as there's a major hack here and in my mind there may be some contagion. This is a deep research that I'm doing right now on the hack. See if there are places I can keep my bots safer or pull some more alpha out of. Every single day I am chasing Jim Simons, the $ 31 billion man that what he did is what I'm doing. He's researching new ideas. He's back testing those ideas and he's implementing them into bots. Today, what you get is the live Zoom plus three bonuses. The live Zoom is whatever the [ __ ] I'm building in the day. So, watch and ask any questions you have. You get the replay from yesterday and you get the replay for today. Plus, you get three bonuses. Nowhere on this page says building an AI. I'm going to show you how to build an AI. If you want me to teach you this stuff, go to mundave.com and I'll do this once a month. Once a month, I'll sit down with people that are new and I'll show them from zero to building a live trading bot. See this page? The words on this page show you that I'll teach you how to do this. But the words on this page show you you're going to go ahead and watch over my shoulder and ask any questions you have. Much love to you. So this playbook generalizes Lazorus likely next move compromises a cloud RPC shared forge a forge a phantom deposit to a tier 2 centralized exchange hot wallet monitor and simultaneously spoof a price feed to liquidate a lending market. Double dip, chain link, pith, node operators, wormhole, axler, guardians, egan layer, iigen layer, avs slashers, and jetto. The biggest relief, it's real but conditional. Layer zero's modular security did what it was designed to do. Zero contagion. No worries, you're good to so zero contagion. of multidvn apps. The cryptographic protocol held and the config anti-attern 101 DVN was publicly warned against for years. Wait for independent confirmation from blah blah blah blah blah blah blah. Yeah. So what do we do? What do we do here? How do we fix the hole? Because until that hole is fixed, there's going to be mad uncertainty in crypto. Low direct risk. Your stack is Jupiter, Radium, Jetto, Helas, Pith, no layer, zero dependency. But the thing is is now Helas is next, dude. Helas is next. They're looking they're looking for ways to attack Helas Hyperlid. I mean, come on, dude. The writing's on the wall. That's what's that's what is like uh concerning. Clear. Clear all drawings. No worries. Just don't write penis on my screen. Thank you. Do you mess with Poly Market? I mess with Poly Market. Yes. What about you? A is dying. A is dying cuz they have to sell their token to fill the hole. They have to sell their token to fill the hole. I mean, that's the only thing that I can think of thus far. But that's the question I also have, right? I'm nobody. I'm not I'm nobody, dude. I'm just here researching with you. It's going to be rave too. Hopefully not. Dan biggest hole. The entire offchain crypto stack trust JSON RPC responses as ground truth. RPC uh replies are unauthenticated, unreplicated and not cryptographically bound to actual chain state. Every bridge oracle centralized exchange deposit pipeline rollup prover and liquidation bot reads reality through this unverified pipe. The clever bit was IP selective deception. Monitoring tools compare sources but here all external observers saw correct data while only the victim saw the lie. Multidvn doesn't fix this. If DVM share RPC providers, huh? So biggest threat to crypto crypto security is onchain but it's operational trust mall is web 2. So, it's like what are we doing in crypto if it's all offchain? You know, if DPRK reruns this against a centralized exchange deposit confirmation, Coinbase, Binance, you get forged 9 figure deposits before any alarm. If they hit a canolical rollup bridges L1 reading proverb from $15 billion or base 12 billion forge withdrawal proofs drain the whole bridge kelp DAO was the pilot the fix light client verified RPC at the application layer has been avoided industrywide for a decade. Okay, I did build this bot here. Let's see. Um, let's see if I can pull this up, dude. Because Python a positions here. Uh, full trading bot is always better than Claude trading for you. Remember, everybody's asking Claude, "Hey, should I buy this? Should I buy that? Should I buy now? Should I not buy now?" So, if everybody's doing one thing, you got to do it a different way. Okay, you got to build your own edge. Got to build your own edge. It's not an easy game. So, if you're just getting started, I wouldn't expect you to have a profitable bot with Claude or with your ideas. I just don't know how long you've been at the game. It takes a while, though. A lot of testing. Asking Claude what's trade. Claude is doing the trading, not telling me. Yeah. Yeah. But that's the same thing. If you think about it, that's the exact same thing, right? I know she's executing it, but everybody's first idea with AI trading is, hey, put in a function that says, here's the data from the past X bars. Let me know if I should buy or sell or no, go buy and sell. What you're saying? I think that's what you're saying, but happy to answer it if uh if it's not. Okay, those are my questions. I'm gonna actually um I'm going to send this to all of them again. [ __ ] it. Can you please answer that, please? Please answer what? I don't see any question. So what's the question? Happy to answer any questions. I just don't see any questions. Also, I am just people. Remember that. So your guess is as good as mine. why people want to just tell Claude to do this and that for him. Like that's not going to work. I mean, maybe maybe it will, maybe it will. I I can't tell you that stuff. Not a financial advisor. Can't give financial advice. All I can do is work. Look out for myself and I'll do it live. And if you think what I'm cooking is fire, then let's cook. But if not, then get cooked. Layer zero may have enabled the largest DeFi exploit of 2026. The 2909 90 million wasn't a surprise. It was layer zero design choice coming due. Worth understanding that layer zero actually is before assigning blame. Make sure it's not too long. Layer zero is the messaging layer that moves value between blockchains. When a token is bridged, layer zero is what tells the destination chain, yes, this is a is locked on the other side. Release the wrapped version. Layer zero secures those messages through something it calls decentralized verified network DVN. In theory, DVN is a group of independent nodes that must all attest a cross-chain message is real before it executes. In practice, layer zero made a design choice. Every app gets to pick its own DVN setup. And layer 0 enforces no minimum. An app can require five of seven independent verifiers or two of three or one of one. Kelp Dow picked one of one. That was layer zero's lab's own node. Lazerus linked attackers then did what competent attackers do with single point failure. They poison the RPC nodes that layer zero labs DVN uses to read blockchain state. Fed it fake transaction data. DOS the clean ones. So DVN had no choice but to trust the poison feed. The DVN signed the message looked real. 116,000 RS ETH walked out one transaction. Now look at the name. Decentralized implies no single party controls it. Layer zero controlled this one. Network implies more than one node. There was one verifier implies verification. Single signer isn't verification. It's a signature. Yeah, that's actually fact. Nice tag. still going, huh? Damn, this is a lot. How do you fill the 29 $292 million hole with 50 million? Don't cleanly realistic 50 million treasury. Ronin lost 625 million. Binance wrote a check. So somebody needs to write a check is the thing. So who's going to write the check? Hyperlid house of finance step up. They can't do that though unfortunately. Wormhole 320 million. Jump filled it instantly because jump is wormholes backer. holders eat 80% that's the honest answer 100% utilization cascade next 48 hours 22 72-hour tape lender stock borrow rates will go 200 to 500% as algo's rates pinned vertical looped RS ETH positions 3 to 5x common on morpho margin called reflexes dump reflects a dump pendle YT prints PT gets crushed LRT basket A governance emergency pauses RS ETH. It's another thing they pause RS E. So it's not decentralized [ __ ] up, dude. Fingerpointing equals legal positioning. Layer zero publishing we warned you is building the legal record that Kelp accepted the risk. Kelp silence equals lawyers said shut up legally and practically. RS E holders eat it. Token terms almost certainly disclaim liability. Kelp blinks first within five to 10 days with a recovery token. They need to keep that protocol alive. Is crypto decentralized? Blunt answer is no. Ethereum consensus held but the messaging layer that actually moves value didn't. DVN modularity is real. Inspect theor theoretical in practice. Most integrators pick one of one layer zero labs because multiVN costs gas. latency and engineering hours. This was a configuration failure. Misquerine as a protocol failure. Which is worse? The bad config was the default. Modular security that nobody uses properly equals decentralization theater. Same story as Ethereum rollups that are all single sequencer. So, how did Lazurus get the two op clusters? because they won't say layer zero won't say social engineering and S sur highest so probably a fake LinkedIn malicious coding test npm pip as Jane has been saying thank you Jane for keeping us aware on cutting edge of security SSH keys AWS SSO cube config one human with prod access to both clusters collapses the independent claim Ronin wer x radiant all trace back to this number two The number two way they could have got access supply chain via npm/go go module poison devep or op death build time. Okay, so these are just different ways they might have got access to it. Independent clusters means nothing if one human, one CI pipeline or one artifact registry is shared. That's almost certainly what broke. Layer Zero's Labs status for non-kelt messages. DVN is back online with rotated RPCs, but rotating RPCs doesn't fix it. Binary swap compromised. If Lazurus was in the build chain, new RPCs running the same poison binary are still owned. No public indication they've rotated DVN signing keys or rebuilt from clean hardware, which is what you'd actually need. Trust is conditional on being in a multidvn config with over one independent serer. Any other ooth still on 101 layer zero is in kelt's exact structural position. How to fix the systemic RPC trust hole shippable now willpower problem light clients helas kelvar verify headers locally multiclient RPC consensus on it timeline. The fix exists today and almost nobody runs it. Expect the next bridge hack before adoption happens. Until then, yeah, the uncertainty is real and priced in. Bottom line, Mundave, the 292 million is mostly coming out of the RS E holders pockets. The contagion is a 72-hour LRT basket trade and the system RPC hole. Okay, so I mean this was a lot. There's a lot more to dive into. I've got this thing that I wanna Yes. So, let's go here and let's say um PWD. I want to look at this A stuff more because A is obviously let's talk about this actually. So, how does A repay this? Short and concise. They got 50 million insurance and then their other insurance is connected to a/ ETH, right? So, they would have to sell a or ETH if I'm correct. Or they could just [ __ ] over RS ETH holders and say, "Hey, you don't get your money back." Right? Be short and concise with this. Okay. So, I'm going to go ahead and open this um iTerm here. Grab this here. CD up in there. Okay. TFL flow, bro. Python a lick here. So this is using the API here. API you have access to already. mundev.comdoccks. These are the liquidations on a that are about to happen. This guy's 1.9% away for 258k. This guy is 6.9% away. It's at 8085. So 85 is the next step in my opinion. But again, my opinion is literally like your opinion trash. My opinion and your opinion don't matter because we're traders and if I have an opinion, everybody else has a different opinion. So, [ __ ] us both, right? 85 85 8519 8511. At 8511, it would wipe out 500,000. at 80 85 wipes out 1.5 million and then these ones are way down here in 75. So we'll get there later. The shorts here that are at risk are 93. So 93 up here is the biggest or the first short on hyperlquid. So do with that information as you please. I think they both get liquidated. I think they both get liquidated at some point. Everybody gets like everybody going to get leaked with 10x levers. That's max levers on h on hyperlquid for a so we'll see how that goes. But I got a lot more here to research. Um, but I think the rest needs to be for the private Zoom