You haven't heard of Poly Market yet? Well, okay. You should learn about it. Essentially, Poly Market let lets you trade on anything. Pretty much all news, events, sports, whatever. So, I built a Poly Market agent here. And this Poly Market agent will help me find great ideas. So, Poly Market is here. If you go here to Poly Market, you can see that there are unlimited things to trade. You're essentially trading yes or no. Will Trump release Epstein? yada yada. You can see here I have parallel processing with XAI, Open Router, Quinn, Clawude, Deepseek, Open Router, GLM. And essentially what it's doing is it's watching all of the markets here on Poly Market. And then it's asking all of these AIS in parallel what they think we should do. For example, GBT5 mini says no trade. I don't have a clear mapping. Uh, she said on market two, no, no. So, no trade on market one. She said no on market two and three. Claude said no trade on market one and no trade on market two. And then the no side on market 3. Reasoning Tesla has consistently missed robotics timelines and a release of general purpose humanoid robot by mid26 is extremely ambitious. So, you see how this can be helpful for you, dude. Essentially, it's going to loop through and look at all of the markets here on Poly Market. And then it's going to ask all of these different models and to see if we should bet yes, no, or no trade. And then it's going to look for a consensus. So, you can see here it just made a full run. You can see it's using the websockets. It's a public websocket. And I'm going to give you all the code. So, don't worry. It's actually already here in the GitHub. If you type in Moondav AI agents to to Google or just look at the link in the description, you can go ahead and start the GitHub. It's free. Fork it as well. Read through the read me. But this code I'm showing you here is in the SRC under agents. If you go down to Poly Market agent here, you can see that I have added all of the code here. Let's scroll through it so you can understand it. But let's do that after you understand what it does. So it looks at all of these Poly Market markets here, the ones that people are trading big size on actually. So, it's scanning through and seeing if there's a big trader somewhere. And if they do, then it populates our dashboard and our dash then sends it to all of the different AIs. I actually use an AI swarm. An AI swarm is essentially a bunch of AIs that will answer the questions for me. any questions I have, whether it's trading or just life, dude. Sometimes you need some life advice. Let's go. Here you can see the swarm agent. It calls her in and she calls Deep Seek Chat, X AI, Quinn, Claude, Open Router, GLM, GBD5, Mini, whatever you want really cuz it uses Open Router. So you could have Opus, R1, Gemini, whatever. Dude, again, you have all this code now. But let me explain how this works. So it asks based off all of those markets that we send in, it asks each of the AIS what their recommendation is. And you saw that just a bit ago, right? I was reading through these. You know, here's the market consensus. And I'll get to that in a second, but Claude responded in 8.1 seconds. Quen responded. She said, "No, no, no." So this is saying bet no, no, no. And they also can say no trade if they're indecisive. So, what's cool about this is I'm asking all of these models for their suggestions. Are they going to be perfect? Of course not, dude. Of course not. But then we ask one more model based on the six models. We go get the market consensus. You can see consensus of no trade. So, I don't even need that one, right? Because they say no trade. So, let's just say buy. Okay. But then market two, there was a 66% consensus that no, he will not Elon Musk will not post between 140 and 159 tweets from November 18th to November 25th. Okay, let's open it up right away. And let's see, they said no here. So they said no on the 140 to 159. Okay, 140 to 59. 159. So no is 95%. I could bet this no. They said so. I don't know if that's correct or not, but it's been working out pretty well for me to find consensus ideas. And again, ideas then can be built into robots. You can see running consensus AI to identify the top three. And then it just scrolls and does this over and over again all day. It waits for new trades. You can see updated one existing markets with fresh data. It waits till there's 25 new trades and you can change this too, dude. So, let me go ahead and go through the code. Now, you understand how it works because you can change all these things. And I think that's the beautiful part. I think all of us have to come up with different ideas. But if I can build the infrastructure for you and then explain it clearly, then you can go ahead and build things that are way sicker than I can. You can see I'm only watching trades that are over 500 USD. I ignore price thresholds near 2 cents. So if it's like 98 cents and above, it's kind of already over in my book, but you could get two 2% off that if you wanted it. I ignore crypto markets and sports markets. You can change this easily. Delete them if you want. I just don't like to trade emotional markets like that. I'm looking for people that have an inside edge and I'm trying to follow them or make ideas based off of theirs and then ask the AI, "What do you guys think?" Because me, I'm a human being. You can see ready for analysis here. So, it's going through another loop and it's going to do this all day. How much does it cost? Not much, dude. This AI is super cheap and you can run it locally if you want. I have OAMA installed. All of that will be found in the GitHub. The links in the description. This is a beautiful part because you can change yours entirely here. This is the prompt we send in. So I wanted to show you the prompt because I believe we all have to have different systems and if we have different systems we'll we'll get different outcomes. You can see top market count. This is how many markets I want to identify five. You can change this consensus AI too. So remember it goes through and it asks all the AIS individually. Should we be buying the yes, no, or no trade? And then it gets the consensus to take all of those responses and give us one master response. So I think they're all interesting to look at, but I want to show you the pieces of the code that I think are are interesting to understand. You can see the swarm agent here. This is where I bring in that swarm agent. Now the swarm agent is here. This is my easy way to call any AI. And again, you have all of this code here in GitHub. So much love to you. I'm excited to see what you build. I'll also invite you to our Discord here at the end. I'll make sure that you have access to that if you do want to build with us. You can see this is how we load markets. I'm using Pandanda's data frames of course always. You can see this is all public data you're able to get from the websocket. It's more about your idea though. All the data here in crypto and on Poly Market is free. And that's so beautiful, dude. because then we actually have a little bit of an edge over Wall Street cuz they're not trading crypto and when they do they're going to be way behind us. Sure, they're doing a little bit of accumulating crypto, but are they trading on Poly Market yet? Probably not. Probably not. So now you have this AI agent flow that will help you discover new Poly Market ideas. And I actually have this website that I set up for free as well if you want to check that out. It's predictionboss.com. It watches all of this data come in as well. So, I'm very interested in Poly Market because I think there's just an edge there for retail because Wall Street's just not there yet. And it kind of reminds me of early crypto. So, I think it's interesting for you to get all of this code in your hands because you have different ideas than I do. So, you all have different results for better or for worse. At the end of the day, nobody's going to give you a trading bot that just prints profits for you. But I will give you absolutely everything that I use in order to build my systems. I'm not a financial advisor. Of course, it's not financial advice, but I can give you all of the code that I have. And over the next 30 days, I'm on a mission on my live streams to share all of my code that I've worked on for the last 5 years. All of the secrets that I've found out here in this algorithmic trading industry. This next 30 days, if you are here live, you are going to learn absolutely everything I know about automated trading. And my journey has taken me here to Poly Market. And of course, I'm going to use AI agents because then I have multiple brains that can help me out. You can see I'm using the polyarket uh.com event. I have to see what the actual slug is so I get the market slug. But you can go through all this code on your own speed. I just want to scroll through it so you see it all. But you have the link in the description so you can be it all. All you have to do is pull it from GitHub and then you can ask Claude or whoever you use, Codeex, whatever. Hey, how can I make this better? How can I make this fit my use case? You can see the agents are still going down here. So, she's looping through. She's waiting for a few more markets before she does the analyzation here. So, we're just about done with all of this code and then I'm going to show you how to get inside of our Discord. If you're a data dog and you love prediction markets, trading mods, AI agents, you're going to love being inside of the members area, dude. So, you can see this is about a thousand plus lines of code. And like I said, my mission is to show you everything over the next 30 days. So, make sure to lock in with me anytime you see me. You can see this is how we actually display the the output here. So we can see it as humans because I think this is an interesting thing in order to run and just always be able to see number one the whales that what markets are they trading. Okay. So you can see I'm only watching traders that trade over 500 in size. I know that's not a huge amount but this is a nent an early market. So 500 is a good amount to get a lot of uh volume of different ideas. And then what I like best about this is I have those six agents that do a brief analyzation for me. Are they perfect? Of course not, dude. But I feel like it's having six different junior quants that look at the data for me and then I can be the big dog quant that makes the final decision or I've actually already implemented this exact idea with a couple tweaks. Again, I got to put my own special sauce just like you do. I put it into a bot and they've been trading for me. So that's pretty amazing because there's not many number one traders on Poly Market and number two more importantly there aren't there's barely any automated traders. So now you have everything it takes to become an automated trader. I just scrolled through all of the code. Again you can find it in the agents tab. It is dependent on that swarm agent. You just scroll down to Poly Market agent here. And that's everything I just showed you. And you can see she's still running, coming up with new ideas. So I can let her run all day. And every time she comes up with a new idea, I get to see it, dude. I get to see her ideas. You can see running consensus AI here. You can see she says yes, no trade, no yes, no trade, no GBD5 mini. So this is just like having a bunch of quants that work with me all day long. And I did mention you can jump into my uh discord as well. So the discord is accessible through the road map. The road map is free. The free algo trading road map where I show you how to code just in case you don't know how to code. And then I invite you to my discord where there's thousands of us all stepping on the gas. I answer questions. I give you my system. You can check out this road map. It's super easy to get. There's a link in the description. So, what you should do right now is go to that link in the description. It's called algorithradecamp.com in case you're not there. And to get the road map, the discord, you already have the GitHub. To get all of that, just put your name and email in here. You don't have to join the boot camp in order to get the road map. I'll send it to your email right when you put your name and email in here. If you do want to join the boot camp, you're a smart person and you really understand the value of paying just a little bit of money for a lot of bit of time. I've been doing this for five plus years. There's so much I can teach you in the next 15 days that I will teach you in the boot camp or just keep showing up live. I'm trying to get every piece of this out and teach it all step by step here live on YouTube. So either way, go ahead and grab that road map. I'll see you inside Discord. I'll see you the next vid.